Title: Lots of Stuff! (Updates galore!)
Date: 2009-07-10 17:45
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: lots-of-stuff-updates-galore

First, I'd like to throw some cred to my homie Eric for providing me
with his Slacker.com internet radio station to provide the tunes while
I'm writing. I'm listening his "rock" station now, and it's pretty
solid, nice work Eric lol!

#### Triathlon & BBall & VBall

Well, I've swam a total of three times these past two weeks, which I
guess is a pretty good start. The first two times I did a warm-up, a
bunch of drills, and a cool-down. Today, I swam 8x50m and I think that I
can definitely feel an improvement from the first day. Making a 50
without being out of breath or completing a 100m will be the next
accomplishment haha. I haven't really biked or ran, since biking four
days straight last Thursday-Sunday...but I have been counting basketball
as my aerobic workout. The 3v3 league got underway Thursday, and with
Big Del, John Ellis, and Mike Rabe we went 3-1. We really shouldv'e won
that fourth game too, losing to Caster and Rudy 15-13 in a game we never
should have lost...I haven't been playing that well but I think it
might've been because of how tired I have been. Tuesday, Bonesaw faced
the fiercest competition to date, but REMAINED UNDEFEATED with only 5
players! The team we beat in the winner's bracket final in a close game
came back through the loser's bracket to force a tough 30-28 battle,
which we got out of after facing three game-points. It was really
intense, definitely the most challenging and intense games so
far...Lauren F and her D1 college vball friend were supposed to come,
but they went to the movies instead...wth lol.

#### Thoughts on government

I've been meaning to put this up for so long, I'm going to at least get
something down, even though it won't be "complete"...it'll never be
complete.

Quickly: I definitely consider myself a conversative, through and
through, and this is based in a firm belief of individualism and the
American Way. And please do not confuse traditional conservative views
with the "conservative" (i.e. centrist) Republican Party. Now "American
Way" sounds corny, but I think that the most that you can ever offer
someone is opportunity. In most cases, this is education, and education
solves all sorts of problems...ranging from poverty, population control,
and sustainability. The latter two are actually quite intertwined too...
And call it being selfish it you will but read on before jumping to
conclusions please, cuz I don't think that is right when government
taxes consume nearly half of an individual's income, and here are just a
few of the reasons: the graduated income tax system we deal with creates
DISINCENTIVE to make more money and work harder, encourages debt as a
WAY OF LIFE, and requires the federal government make decisions that
should be the right of individuals to make. I also believe that in many
ways, those opportunities are completely available today. Here's some
stats that I would love to elaborate on, but I'll let you do the
thinking: As of 2002, the American Federal Government paid \$0.49 of
every dollar spent on healthcare...think about that when Obama talks
about "Nation Healthcare..." it pretty much already is. And the lower
half of the household income bracket pays 1% of the national income
taxes. That means 50% of the nation is paying only 1%....c'mon now
people, how could that possibly be fair? FYI, the median household
income in the US when I read that article (a year or two ago in AP Gov)
was \$44,000... well not that quick, but it's a good start.

#### Ah, that's why they call it a "crackberry..."

So basically I'm running out of time...but I've been playing around with
my phone and downloading apps and it is pretty sweet. It's addicting,
like crack, hence the name
lol.[Crackberry.com](http://www.crackberry.com/) has some good forums
and has a mobile site for downloading applications. There are some
pretty cool ones, like a flashlight app and unit converter and stuff...

#### Syracuse Rescue Mission

I've served at the RM a few times before, and last summer with OBG I put
in a whole day doing physical labor at the B'Ville Thrifty Shopper where
we pulled up carpet and had to scrape the glue off the floor... So
anyway, today I served lunch at the RM with OBG, it was me and three
other interns and Jeanne Korchak. She said they OBG volunteers the
second Friday of every month, and she is pretty involved apparently.
TOday consisted of washing dishes for a few hours really haha. And next
Friday, like last summer, all of the interns in Syracuse from OBG are
going to spend a day working with the RM. Everyone said that Jeff
(finance intern, back this summer too) and Jim (HR guy) and I got the
short straw scraping floors, but really I didn't mind the one day of
labor. That said, I couldn't do it five days a week, poor Del haha...
And the following Saturday, the one a week from tomorrow, I'm goin to be
participating in the "Ride for the Rescue." It's the RM's biggest
fundraiser, and I heard about from a pamplet that was at OBG. I wanted
to do it last summer, I just never got around to it I guess. So I
contacted some people and found OBG had a team in it, and decided to do
the 62-mile metric century ride, actually the ride that OBG is
sponsoring. They also have 2, 10, 20, and 40 miles rides too. The goal
is to raise \$100 for each rider, and I already put \$20 in myself. I
think I'm counting on the Reagan Scholarship (my parents) for the rest,
and considering that it is not just a race, it's for a good cause, and
any donations are tax-deductable, I really don't think they'll mind
(they offered to when I told them about the ride at the beginning of the
summer too).

#### Projects update (Toaster and Website)

Well this is going to be a short one, I haven't done anything with the
toaster, I was hoping Dave would get back to me but he has probably been
busy...I think Del did mention that his dad had an alternator for me
though, so I gotta ask about that. As for the website, the transition
from blog --\> journal is now complete with updated titles on every
page...and I have been making other small additions...like the Facebook
link on the resume page is new. I did that one just b/c I thought that
logo was really cool haha, and so I stole it (shhhh!) for my link. And I
think that it does kinda apply. Next to come is either a Google Maps API
or some sort of Twitter/Facebook feed integrated in... and eventually
then I'll make m.andyreagan.com, a mobile site haha.
