Title: Rainy Days
Date: 2009-06-22 17:35
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: rainy-days

I'm actually beginning to realize that this is less of a blog and more
of a diary, but I'm OK with that. There are two legit blog articles that
I plan on writing, one about making of this website and everything that
is involved therein, maybe I'll title it YourName.com demystified. And
the other other has to be about libertarianism/government. Those will
hopefully be a more entertaining read.

#### Thursday

Pretty much the whole weekend from Thursday-on was dreary weather...so
I'm not going to keep complaing about that but it did suck. No biking,
and no ice cream, and obv. nothing outside b/c of the rain! I don't know
about you, but I can't get excited to go get ice cream when it is cloudy
and rainy out...After work I was going to watch Zdanowski coach a
baseball game in the Valley, but it was cancelled due to rain, so we
went to dinner instead still watched a movie after. We went to Luigi's,
where I got the "tour of italy," not what they called it but that's what
I ordered haha. It was good, and I think Carly and Kate and Dan all
enjoyed their ziti too. I even met someone who has ties to VT, I was
wearing a VT Cycling shirt and a woman asked me if I went there when she
was leaving, and told me her son does. Go Hokies!

For the movie, Kate insisted that we watch Taken, since she was the only
one who had seen it. Not that I was opposed though haha, I just don't
like watching movies that I have seen where there are so many other
choices! Basically, the movie was really intense, Liam
somethin-or-other, the main actor, just owned up all the noobs and got
his daughter back. There were only a few parts that bugged me from the
realism, like him hiding from machine gun fire behind a couch, but all
those bullets, and others, could have jsut missed him outta luck I
suppose too. But he still kicked some ass, luck or not, and I thought it
was really good haha.

#### Friday...

Well I don't really remember what exactly I did Friday...haha JK.
Gotcha! We played basketball at the park at 6, like always, with the
bball guys. My Dad came too, keeping getting in top shape! All I really
remember about basketball though is that I gaurded Jeff the whole night,
and he is quick as hell. My shoes were sliding on the pavement trying to
keep up with his cuts, but I think I kept up with him regardless, I'm
gonna name myself as the team "defensive specialist" for the 3 on 3
league that start's not this Thursday, but the next. Zdanowski stopped
by at like 7:30 with a girl he knows from Brockport at like 7:30, and
since he was heading out in an hour and we were still playing
basketball, it didn't look like I was gonna make it to JD with him for
the night. So I was just gonna watch a movie and relax, and I was txting
Carly at the time so she came over to keep me company! :) We watched
"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button," which neither of us had seen, and
I thought that it was really good too, two good movies in a row!

#### Lazy Saturday

That movie was like over 3 hours long though, and I didn't even realize
that until the movie was over and it was 12:30...I was thinkin wth, but
it was just a long movie! So I slept in till a record 11 o'clock,
getting in solid 10 hours, which I think I really needed. The rest of
the day followed suit, I didn't do much of anything. Me and Del and
Dknick went to the bluewater for dinner, which was really good, and
Sarah got off early so she joined us to eat too. We drove up to the mall
after cuz we were bored basically, and I got my Bro a bday present, so
that was good. Then me and Dan just chilled in Del's room for the night,
it was pretty fun actually. That's about it though haha.

#### Sun & Mon

Again, Sunday, the weather sucking=no biking! And it also means over 100
emails from the OCC listserve too aparently...but then the weather did
get nicer later in the day I guess, and I went on a run with my Mom and
then played basketball with my Dad, I gotta keep 'em both in shape! But
I can't really take any credit for keeping my Mom motivated to run, she
just enjoys it! We went like 3.5 miles, and my legs are still sore today
from that!! I kept up just fine though, might have even pushed her pace
at times, definitely did up the hill, but by the end I was done, and
struggled all the way to the very end of the street, but I made it! Then
in the third game of basketball, the tie breaker, it was tie game at
15-15 and as I drove by him, his "good defensive position" left those
knobby knees sticking out and I took one during full acceleration
through my thigh, and I was down for the count. I didn't even think I
was going to walk Monday, literally. After 10 minutes or so, and being
taunted about forfeit, I hobbled around for another minute or two so
that my Dad could win\* the series. I'm keeping the asterisk there.

Monday was my uber-productive day of the week. I don't even think I can
list all the stuff I got done. The phone's were a ringin, for sure.
Basically, I planned the camping trip for all of us this weekend which
comprised many many phones call to them and the friends and paying for
canoes and printing maps, got a hold of and got some answers from Bike &
Build, found out about getting some sweet vibram five-finger shoes which
I'm hopefully gonna pick up on my way home from work today, prepared a
clothing order to ship in the morning, talked with Verizon and got my
Storm ordered online (it's in the mail!!), wrote a long letter to
Lauren, filled out an afidavid (spelling?), and so much more haha. And
I'm getting to bed in time for 6 hours of sleep!
