Title: Same Ol'
Date: 2009-06-16 17:33
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: same-ol

Sunday I did manage to get out to go for a bike ride, and met my parents
down at Marcellus Park to play volleyball...I saw some girls I knew from
high school playing on the other court too, but me and my parents play
against some random people who weren't very good at all, which made it
somewhat difficult to get some good practice for Tuesday, which is why
we went down there in the first place, but by letting them serve (they
had trouble returning any) we were able to get some practice setting and
such. I rode my bike home, so I got a good 20 miles total, which now
does feel like a shorter ride. Problem with rides longer than that is
that well, they take so much longer and I haven't felt like riding for
quite so long recently...idk. That was pretty much it for Sunday, I
think I might've thrown the frisbee around with my dad some too when I
got home.

I was able to make some progress on the toaster, I took apart the
toaster oven that I bought and hooked it up to my powermeter. At full
power, it consumes 1,330 watts, which I am definitely not going to be
able to deliver. After dismantling the toaster over though, it would be
super easy to move the heating rods closer to the bread, and even to
take two of them out. I also made progress toward an alternator, sending
out like 10 emails to craigslist listings of assorted motorcycle, and
have so far gotten two reponses about alternators. I was hoping since
they were craigslist syracuse that they would be local, but having not
paid attention to that while looking for the listings, both of the ones
that got back to me are far away enough that they will have to be
shipped. They're in Rochester and Niagra Falls, and one guy wanted 30
for his off an 87 Honda CBR1000 and the other didn't give a price yet
but he said it was in great shape, only 1600 miles, and only had to sell
it cuz the bike was crashed at the frame bent. I think that I'm going to
call my uncle Carl too, to see what ideas he has on where to get one...I
do think that car alternator would be too big (again 80amps X 12V = 960
watts) so maybe his friend Dave will have one lying around, something
from a snowmobile would probably be about right too. When I got to
looking at NiChrome wire to use to make my own toaster, since the
toaster oven will probably be too power-hungry, I think that I ran into
yet another technical problem. The coils in all of these types of
heaters have resistances, measured in Ohms, that are designed and ideal
for 120V circuits. Doesn't sound on the surface like so much of a
problem, but a lenght of wire that has a total resistance of say 50 Ohms
will resist a given amount of current, resistance is the opposition to
current, and so where a 120V input will have a smaller current that 12V
input of equal power, the current of the 12V circuit will be 10 times
that of the 120V for an equal amount of wattage (power), so when trying
to push current through a 50 ohm wire at 12V, that will seem like 500
Ohms at 120V!! So I will need different wire or to somehow step up my
voltage...different wire will probably be the most economic choice in
that case.

Tonight is volleyball at the park, and it should be a lot of fun. For
sure, I think we've got me, my Dad, Del, and Andy Caster. Andy was going
to try to get ahold of Sarah Clere and Jenn Daley, who played with us
last summer. Sarah Holden has a lax game later...Zdan has baseball
stuff...and Carly has a play recital but they should be able to make it
in the coming weeks. Dan I think is good in July, and Carly's practice
times will be different week to week I think...but hopefully we can get
a pretty consistent group together and it will be a lot of fun. Tuesday
is the night that everything else seems to happen on though...both the
time trials and the TNTS which are the big rides for the Onondaga
Cycling Club are that night all summer...and I'm not sure what else is
Tuesdays but I remember there being even more haha...

As for the [Onondaga Cycling Club](http://www.onondagacyclingclub.org/)
(OCC), I am definitely going to join. There is a ride Wednesday night
that I am going to go to, the guy leading it seems pretty cool, his name
is Anthony Baleno I think. He sent out a request for somebody else to
lead the ride starting at Marcellus on the 27th, which I offered to do,
I mean it's in Marcellus Park! Sarah Holden mentioned that we should go
camping that weekend, so maybe I can't lead the ride, but either should
be fun.
