Title: Spring Break 2009
Date: 2009-03-16 17:26
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: spring-break-2009

It's now spring break 2009, and the semester has been awesome so far.

As far as classes go, I'm looking at mostly A's I think, with the
exception of Proofs which is pretty hard but I'll see what I can do I
guess, I'm not dropping it. Differential equations isn't that much less
work the second time around, but it is going a lot better, I got 100 on
our only test so far. I really like Chem 2, and my teacher, which is
good since I am planning on being a Chemical Engineer. I tied six of my
peers for the highest grade on our only English paper so far, and since
apparently engineers aren't good at english, I'll take that. The second
semester of the intro engineering course has seems a lot more useful, we
actually learned something with AutoDesk Inventor and we find out about
the test we took before spring break after break. Earth Sustainability
has also been more interesting this semester I think, our focus up to
this point has been energy. More than I ever wanted to know about the
history of it at least haha, but this is after all the sector of
sustainability that I am most interested in helping when I get out as a
ChemE and Math guy.

All that work takes up almost all my time, but I have been racing my
bike on the weekends and that is also going well. My mom and Lauren and
her brother were able to make it to my last race at William and Mary,
where I broke up the field and led the first of two laps after a short
sprint up the hill to the start/finish line, but my legs were dead from
the sprint so I couldn't hang onto the break, and finished at the end of
the chase group, right behind my three fellow hokies. I think I could've
been smarter and finished better, but I had a really good time and I
think that I am getting stronger as the season has been going, and as
long as it's 80 degrees, sunny, and my friends are there to watch I'd
much rather have fun than be overly concerned about how I place...for
now haha. For more info about cycling, visit our [VT team
site](http://www.cycling.org.vt.edu/) or the [ACCC conference's
site](http://www.acccycling.org/), for results and schedules and the
sort.

Tune in later for more!
