Title: Stuff
Date: 2009-12-15 17:16
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: stuff

Hey so it's late, but I haven't tweeted in awhile so I figured that I'd
throw a quick update up. Its the middle of exam week right now, and it
hasn't really been that hectic. I've been studying rather lightly, since
I already know the physics and can get a B in organic chemistry with a
decent grade on the final. The great news recently is that the physical
chemistry test that I thought that I got a 50 on, I actually got an 80
on! I took the whole time on the test, and alwasy bubble last, and I got
one row off bubbling...and so Madsen gave me half of those points back,
moving me to a 65. We just got our final grades today: class average 66,
I got a 76, and he said there would be "very significant curving"! So
the class that I thought I was doomed with a C in from one bad test...I
might get a B after all!!  
Hmm so some other things that I got figured out: I had no idea at all
who I was living with next year, and was getting a little worried as all
of my friends were starting to sign leases, so I gave Dave Henry a call
since I heard a rumor that he was looking for a house, and we're going
to live together next year! So I'm pretty excited about that, finally
having some space. We found one spot that was 3BR for \$600 a month,
right next to campus, but they're looking for someone for spring. That
wouldve been a steal, most people in the apartment complexes are paying
over \$400 each after utilities.  
Some other things...I just finished watching Donnie Darko, the plot was
reminescent (spelling) of the Butterfly Effect, with the whole time
travel idea, but I liked it.  
And tonight, got some free ice cream at the "Cram Jam" study break, and
participated in a psuedo-flash mob! Hmm and I got the CS3 Suite from my
friend, and have been playing around in flash a lot! I think I might
redesign my whole site in flash, that would be an "over break" project
haha. You can check out one of my first ever flash creations at
http://andyreagan.com/bouncyball.html, the buttons work!  
That's pretty much all. The coolest part of this new blog is that
you're free to comment, you don't have to log in or anything!
