Title: Two weeks of classes down, Lauren Tappan, home MTB race today
Date: 2009-09-05 20:23
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing, General updates
Slug: two-weeks-of-classes-down-lauren-tappan-home-mtb-race-today

So this is gonna be skimpy, since I'm at Nick Waugh's house using his
laptop and it's halftime of the football game haha.

The first two weeks of classes are done, and they seemed like they went
by pretty fast. Seems to be a recurring statement...time flies. But,
things have been going very well! My schedule was alright, and then I
needed a Mass and Energy class that is a prereq for the next four ChemE
courses, so I dropped some other classes to get into and lonnnng story
made short, I talked to countless people and spent many hours trying to
add the class, and couldn't because it was too full. Despite the fact
that the professor wanted to add me, and there was room for me in the
class both days that I went. Ugh, frustrating. So now I only have 16
credits, and no O'Chem lab...but I have been working with Prof. Durrill
and the Chemistry Dept and I have a plan on paper for me to graduate in
four years, with three degrees. Anyway...

And we have only been back for two and a half weeks, but it didn't take
that long haha and I asked out Lauren, and yeah now we're dating. That's
that lol. It's good so far. She's actually over on the couch now and I
think her and Michelle are talking about my blogging haha. Michelle
wants to know what I'm blogging about, but I'm not going to tell her.
And all of my fans will enjoy this.

Another long story short, the home MTB (MounTain Bike) race is this
weekend, and David Henry did an awesome job setting it up. I went out
MTB'ing for the first time last Sunday, helped build a dual slalom
course, and did four races today that were AWESOME. We went up this
steep technical uphill, then back down it, and rode a dual slalom (two
identical downhill courses that combine to one) all out at the base of
Old Farm, the gateway trail which is what we TT'ed up and down. And then
I came back and ate and took a nap, and did the short track race. Which
was also awesome! Think I got like 5th haha.

That's all for now, back to the game and being "social" haha.
