Title: Long time, no blog
Date: 2009-08-06 20:19
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: long-time-no-blog

Well I never did get a chance to finish that update from July 30 or
upload it but whatever I'm just going to leave it haha. So what has been
going on lately....I haven't updated my twitter in awhile either. There,
just updated it. Haha. But yeah pretty much I have been biking and
playing bball and volleyball at night, and working during the day, and
chilling with del and dknick and zdan and sarah and lindz on the
weekends! Last Friday after work another intern from work, Jill, had a
party at her house for all the interns too and that was fun, but by the
end the only interns (and ppl me and Emma knew) we Emma, Jill, and
myself haha.

On some random Blogspot blog, not sure how I came across it or anything,
there was a pretty cool cascading menu for accessing old blogs, and I
was going to try to put in on here until Emma confirmed that they did it
not with just HTML, but it was part of their CSS...dang. Well I still
don't think that should stop me but yeah hopefully soon there is a new
format to come. You'll just see the most recent blog, and all the others
will be in a menu! But I also think that would require me to have a
seperate page for each eventually...but I don't think that would be that
bad either.

#### Bike Toaster, so close!!

So while I was delivering a printer at OBG Fayetteville, the
manufacturing facility, I was looking around walking through the
warehouse and I happened to notice some old motors on a shelf collecting
dust...so after making a few more passes by delivering stuff, I decided
to check them out. There were probably like 10, and they looked just
like what those old DC motors on Ebay look like so I grabbed one and
wanted to like walk off with it lol but that was a bad idea, so I lugged
the 44 pound motor around and found someone who knew what it was for,
and I told them all about my toaster project and they said that they
were phasing out Dc motors anyway really, and that I could have it!!
Only problem was that the 1/2HP one that I had was AC (all that
techincal writing on the side of the motor that looks like gibberish
actually means something apparently) and so we looked at what else there
and found a DC motor, only problem was that it was 1.0HP...but hey I'll
give it a try I figured! So I lugged the thing out to my car (actually
my Mom's car, mine was in the shop Tuesday so she let me drive hers). I
was pretty pumped, and when I got home I spent all night trying to get
the thing running...but I could never really manage a way to hook up the
5/8 inch keyed shaft to my bike unfortunately, nor could I do it last
night, but I figured how I'm gonna do it and all I got is one piece
missing. I had to go down to Bill Coon's and sign out some of his bike
tools in the process and a bunch of other stuff. Basically all I need to
do now is get the 12T cog from an old cassette onto that 5/8" shaft and
I'll start cranking out some juice hopefully!!

#### *Requiem for a Dream*

First that's the name of a movie haha, and it was ...interesting, enough
to be worth mentioning (and watching). I forget which night it was, but
it was late and Kyle had downloaded this movie and it was IMDB \#65 all
time so we decided to watch it, and I think they should show this movie
in health class! The movie itself was pretty like trippy, the way it was
filmed kinda messed with your head, and basically I never ever want to
get near cocaine or heroin after watching it ruin the lives all four of
the characters...definitely worth a watch, right after watching it I was
just kinda like weirded out but I really liked it.
