Title: Another Day In Marcellus
Date: 2009-06-11 17:31
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: june-11-2009

On only the second day of having my blog working, I missed a day...I
would've like to have had one every day for at least a week. Maybe I
don't have that much to say after all. Tuesday, I didn't end up doing
either OCC ride, stopped on my way home to drop off a computer at
Westcott, and got home at 4 which was nice. Then I got talked into
playing basketball again somehow, so I took the extra long way there on
my bike, getting in a 15 mile ride before playing 2 hours of basketball.
I got my Dad to come down which was good, and my team finally won one
against Jeff, Del and their crew. The weather was much nicer (no rain!)
so I was glad I put on sunscreen haha, and the best news is that I got a
good clean dunk. Now Del definitely can't say the ONLY think that I can
dunk is a water bottle. I still deny dunking any writing utensils lol.

Last night, I didn't really do much of anything at all, except for
getting in a bike ride. I went out towards Skaneatles on Old Seneca,
turned back up Stump by Welch-Allyn, and wound around so that I came
back up Munro. That area on (not sure what road it is) but up from the
Gorge connecting to Munro is really nice, tons of nice houses. I didn't
get away without seeing anyone I know either, saw Sam Wickett at the
bottom of Lawless, and even helped her pull out (checked if there were
cars coming haha). Then I just lounged around like a bum and watched the
Family Guy movie and part of Beavis and Butthead which, for some reason,
Kyle had his heart set on watching...but he left to fork the lawn of the
high school and I think I that I was getting too much dumber from
watching that "movie" so I went to bed too.

I guess that the only other things going on are that we're definitely
putting in a volleyball team next Tuesday at the park, hopefully with
some volleyball players on it (Carly!) and that I have discovered the
awesome confusion of filing taxes. Actually, laugh if you will, I just
had to fill out my W-4 for work, buuut establishing residency in
Virginia is making things more complicated, I actually wrote my NY
address down the first time! And so apparently I have to file taxes with
both states too. Who knows. On a sour note, there was mold on the bread
for my sandwhiches today for lunch which I almost ate haha and on a
positive ending note, my new Oakley lenses should be shipping out today
from Mr. Ben Warren.

On another positive note, I (with the "help" of my Mom) got the links on
the site to open externally. But bad news for all of you still using IE6
or earlier, I don't feel like fixing my logo for your out-of-date
browser so I'm not gonna do it. Upgrade or die!
