Title: New Blog!!
Date: 2009-12-09 17:18
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: new-blog

\*\*This was from back when I moved my blog to blogspot and inserted it
into my filebox site as a frame....basically really outdated!

Hey so I've totally switched up the format of my blog, and inserted this
blogspot page into my own, and it's going to make it SO much easier for
me to update!!  
Right now, to view any of the old ones, there's a link below this frame
(scroll way way down), and it look like I'm going to be able to actually
move them into blogspot eventually.  
So, this is what I'm going to use over the summer most likely,
especially if I can find a way to post video! I'm sure there is.  
Anyway, finals week is fast approaching (today is the last day of
class), so I've got to get ready for physical chemistry bigtime. I
bombed the last test..but if I get 100 on the final (completely
impossible in this class) I MAY be able to pull off a B or B-,
hopefully! That's friday morning (look at the calender) and I also have
my ES papers due then as well. The letter to the editor that I wrote
(one of the four ES papers) is the prior post. And then all I've got are
organic chemistry and physics, both Wednesday the 16th. Physics I am not
too worried about, I'm looking at an A in that class if I get an 85 on
the final (a B if I don't take it at all). And O'chem...now looks like
I'm pulling for that B+/A- but I'm going to have to do really well on
the final for either of those. We'll see how it goes, I'm going to study
for pchem now...

Later, enjoy the new format!
