Title: Winning and road race, tully's and making warm bread (not quite toast)
Date: 2009-08-30 20:20
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing, General updates, Sustainability
Slug: winning-and-road-race-tullys-and-making-warm-bread-not-quite-toast

Tuesday night I went to the OCC's TNTS race, in hopes of bringing home
the offered 750ml of ommegang. The course wasn't super hilly, so I knew
that I stood a chance. After a hilly 10 miles to the course, we did four
8-mile laps, the first one being a "warm up". Long story short, we rode
really hard and fast and I hung in till the end and beat the olds guys
to the line in sprint. But, since I wasn't 21, I won socks. But hey,
I'll take it!! It only cost \$1 to enter the race...

Wednesday night Del, Dknick and I went to Tully's after playing
basketball at the park, and the 1/2 off after 9 is a good deal. Sarah
and Lindz both came and met us there eventually and it was fun. I was
just excited that I didn't have to wake up for work the next morning.

And today, I spent a whole bunch of time hooking up the toaster, and
even more pedaling the freaking thing. I took some video to attempt a
v-blog which, I will put up when I get home. I'm writing this on Del's
MacBook right now haha. Sadly, however I was not able toÂ *burn* any
bread although I did get hopeful when I first got to pedaling and
smelled toast, but not that much was really getting toasted...some heat
was definitely produced!

#### Video Blog

This is my first test V-Blog, and is all about my bike
generator/toaster. Using a v-blog may actually save me time, but
uploading this one took literally an hour so idk, that's too long to do
it on the road next summer, which was where I thought it might be the
most useful when I can't type an essay every night. Here it is:
