Title: The New Site, Basketball in the Rain, and Summer Projects
Date: 2009-06-09 17:30
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: june-9-2009

This is my first entry using the new webpage, and there's a lot going
on. I'm editing the html for the page and just typing in the code as I
go to update it, but this should work pretty well. This page is not
actually hosted from my own server, but I do now have complete control
over it, unlike before when I was using the free "easy site" that came
with my domain name registration. I can edit the content however I want,
and even add new pages if I feel like. I guess my only limit is 30MB of
content, and that's going to be the only thing pushing me to still try
to get a server running. So shoot me and email (upper right) if you have
any suggestions for the page!

Notice, I just added a new link at the very bottom which points to a
currently non-existent page, but will point to a blog archive when it's
time for that. Just to keep this page from getting light-years long I
guess. I think that all the pages have some use, the sample work being
perhaps the only one that could be cut, perhaps folded under resume, but
I see no reason to do that. I'm actually having a lot of fun editing the
content on all these pages and stuff. Someday, I'll publish a blog or
write something about how I ended up with this site the way it is, from
it's very beginnings. So other people can have just as much fun as I do
with their own web pages! We (the page and I) are only about 6 months
in, so it is probably to early to start writing the chronology anyway.
The server will be the most challenging part after all, at least I think
it will be, and I haven't even finished that yet. When I get around to
it, I think I'll convert all of the documents on here to .pdf, they open
so nicely in the browser with a download button and all. And, I'll need
to figure out how to make external links open in a seperate page. The
problem right now is that it still looks like you're in andyreagan.com
when you're not. And internet explorer 6 doesn't like my logo at the
top, but it works with the lastest IE, firefox, and chrome so I don't
think I'm going to bother to fix it. I also removed my phone number for
like 5 minutes, but I like it there.

#### Last Night

I wanted to just get in a light bike ride as a recovery ride from riding
50 miles on Sunday, which was an awesome ride btw. But, Del and Fox were
trying to get bball together at the park, and Del forced me to come even
though it looked like it was gonna rain. Sure enough, as we're driving
down there it starts raining, so there we were sitting in the Sarah's
car in the pouring rain, 15 minutes early to boot, and thinking what the
hell Del lol. But as, we were leaving after waiting around for 5
minutes, we saw Fox driving in, and he said everyone else was still
coming. Jeff Watson showed up, he brought Mark Rudy and Fiacchi showed
up, so we had enough for 3 on 3. It was still raining, and Mark was sure
that someone was going to break an ankle, but we didn't melt and I was
actually the only one to lose so skin on my knee from slipping. The
court was what I pictured it would be like playing "broomball," some
game my Mom told me that they used to play at Potsdam on the hockey
rink, using brooms to hit a ball around. We played for a long time, and
it was a lot of fun, I played pretty well. It was funny one time when I
went to drive on Del, I faked and he slipped a little on the wet court,
so I went right by him to score on him for the second time and Jeff was
giving him the hardest time lol. Maybe you had to be there. I did end up
riding the rollers for like 30 min and then rolling out my legs with the
foam roller, painful to say the least.

#### Summer Projects

I don't have all the time in the world, but as for my two projects this
summer, the website and the bike toaster, I think that website is coming
right along. Part of that was going to be getting my server up and
running, but seeing as how easy this to update, I might pass on that. I
actually opened up my Dad's old electrical theory book from back in the
day when he was in college, to read about alternators and generators for
the toaster. I think I'm definitely learning something, namely that
voltage won't matter for resistance heating and that alternators are
superior to dc generators because they don't need brushings. I thought
about trying to step up the competition between me and David Henry to
build the best toaster by saying that we should have to make our own
generators, but on second thought...probably not gonna want to do that.
The concept really isn't that complicated, we would have to buy some
insulated copper wire, and "rare earth" magnets. The latter can be
scrapped from old hard drives, apparently. And the wire wouldn't be very
expensive either. The site that gave me the inspiration to even think
about building it myself
is [otherpower.com](http://www.otherpower.com/). But getting those
magnets to spin freely perpendicular to the longer side of the coils
(which is the idea I think) is kinda more than I really feel like doing.
I ran into a problem when looking at the RPM-Amp output curves for
typical car alternators...basically it's way to steep. If it's too
steep, then I'll basically have to create the full power of the
alternator (for an 80A alternator, 80amps X \~13V = 1000W) to generate
any power at all. Assuming that the alternator is about 60% efficient,
which I think I saw somewhere, and that I'll lose at 10% to the
drivetrain of my bike, resistance of the rollers, and belt transfer to
the alternator, I would have to generate 2000W to make that alternator
go. Ain't gonna happen. Since I don't think anybody is still reading
(not giving my secrets to Dave), my thought was to use a weaker
motorcycle alternator, only capable of 30-40 amps and with a more linear
output curve. But the pick-n-pull in Auburn only has one motorcycle, and
it is lacking an alternator (I called).

#### (Today)

So today, we're (the interns here at OBG) are going to get to meet with
Terry Brown, the CEO, and get a free lunch outta the deal. Also, I set
up a laptop for this guy working at the Westcott resevoir, and I think
I'll get to go out the jobsite to get it to him, should be good. And
tonight, there are two cycling events going on (as there are every
Tuesday apparently), the TNTS, Tuesday Night Training Series, and a time
trial. I brought my bike, and aerobars, in the car in hopes to go to the
time trial tonight, so hopefully the rain holds. I'm gonna stay a little
later at work and go straight there too, since it's in Clay and it would
dumb to drive home and then drive right back up here. But it may work
out that way, we'll see.

That's all for now folks!
