Title: May 15, 2009
Date: 2009-05-15 17:29
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life, General updates
Slug: may-15-2009

So, the semester is over and I survived, physically at the least, my
freshman year of college. I've been home for a day now and I am
definitely glad to be back, this summer is gonna be a lot of fun.
Hopefully being frugal doesn't get in the way of that too much haha.
Just looked and I got a 66 on the chemistry final which is disappointing,
a class that I was planning on an A in but it threw an impossible final
at us all. The good news is that with a 3.5 point curve, I'm looking at
an A- still, and with no curve at all a B, so most likely a B+ b/c he
has gotta curve that at least some. Sustainability grades are coming in
also and they are looking promising, and I already know I got an A in
english, which was by no means a breeze. In ES and English this semester
I feel like I wrote some of the best papers that I ever have.
Engineering is so annoying, and they take forever to post grades. And
DiffEq is still up in the air, I got a 93 on the final though so I
hoping for an A, I'll take an A- at this point I guess.

That's it for grades really, I'm excited to work at OBG again this
summer and hopefully make some coin for next year, seeing as I'll
definitely need it. It's 2:30AM now, so I'm looking to get to bed, but
just wanted to say to all my fans and listeners that I think the
semester went well, I know should know more definitively soon anyway.

And oh, as far as the semester, I finished 5th in my division in the
ACCC in cycling, which I am pretty happy with. Came into the
championship weekend seated 3rd, but put the most work into the team
time trial, which doesn't count for individual standings, but winning
that ttt was awesome and definitely worth whatever it did take! Shout
out to Travis, Nick, and Andrew for that!

Some other fun things went down too, including beating the track team's
finest in the 100m on my bike. I raced Nick Vaughn at the VT track on
Saturday, and won by half of a wheel length, it was really intense.
There's a video I put on facebook and you can see the race go down
somewhat, but can't tell who wins really from the video. Other fun
happenings included the Tour de Franzia and some other successful
weekends/cigar nights.

That's all for now I suppose. Looking forward to this summer!
