Title: The weeks are passing so fast...
Date: 2009-06-30 17:38
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: the-weeks-are-passing-so-fast

Well, a lot has happened since my last "blog" (journal) update...that
was last Monday, over a week!

#### Volleyball on Tuesday

Long, and by long I mean a lot of waiting, story made short: bonesaw
remains undefeated. Shout out to the guest performances of Carly Anable
and Big Del.

#### Camping, where do I start?

Well, it all started last summer when me and Sarah Holden had some
awesome fbook conversations while we were both bored at work...and we
came up with the idea of going camping. The biggest difference that I
have noticed this summer as compared to last summer is that with a year
of college under our belts, rather than just talk about things, we plan
them and do them this summer. Like going to Toronto...for example. So I
have been camping a lot, perhaps where some of the problems/drama
started. I mean, I've done week long treks out of a canoe where we carry
all the food and gear we need for the whole week with us into the
wilderness. That's the one extrema, me. The other extrema, sorry Dan,
has to be Dan Zdanowski. He's lived in more countries than I have even
seen, but never left the comfort of running water and a warm bed at
night, ever it seems. So, I didn't wanna go to a back-your-car-up and
pitch the tent right next to it "campsite" type deal, cuz even the
thought of calling that "camping" seemed upsurd to me. Since I knew that
not everybody was going to have super advanced gear, like frame
backpacks and lightweight tents/sleeping bags, the oppposite of a
"campsite" which would be parking a trail head and ascending a mountain,
and just finding somewhere to camp, was out of the question. I spent a
great deal of time researching about different campsites and about
"backcounty" camping which was what I was thinking of. So online, I
never really found anything that like detailed a backcoutry trip, which
I guess is to be expected. I think that like a book on the ADK's would
have something like that... But anyway, it was Mrs. Zdanowski who gave
me the idea to go to "Russian Lake." It seemed perfect, a 3 mile canoe
plus one mile hike out of civilization, but not entirely remote... So I
made quite few phone calls, and got the low down on renting some canoes,
and did that, talking to Sarah and Zdan and Dknick all that day that I
rented them. So that night, I spent a lot of time making up a pretty
detailed packing list and description of the trip, from everything that
I had. Unfortunately the title "Please read THOROUGHLY if you're
camping!!!" wasn't enough to make Zdanowski read it, but why would he
need my advice on what to bring camping, anyway? So some pretty
"hairbrain" ideas came up like putting drying sheets in the food and
spreading clorox around the campsite to deter bears, and I wanted none
of it, and I was trying to be helpful by telling Sarah and Dan Z that we
didn't need that stuff. I definitely used some harsher terms...probably
where I went wrong, I think I was little too mean to Sarah there. What
really suprised me was how obstanate Zdan was, I mean being such a smart
kid and all, still wanting to pour chemicals on the ground that reach
our drinking water after reading 50 reports a day about chemical
disasters at SRC...

I took a half day Friday so that we could get up there, and at Del's
when we were about to leave is when I think things exploded. I got
there, and we all waited for Zdan and Fox for a good 20 minutes to show
up...and when they did, I started putting my stuff in Fox's car. I
didn't have that much, but his car was brinking on full from the two of
them's stuff and beverages. Dan insisted that we take three cars, cuz it
wouldn't fit, and that it would somehow making coming back easier...and
as I started loading my stuff into Fox's car to make sure that it fit,
Dan just blew up. He was yelling at the top of lungs that I was outta
control and that we HAD TO TAKE A THIRD CAR!!! He even tried to take my
stuff outta the car, and was right about to go to his house to drive his
own car up...but my stuff fit, even though I didn't have a whole lot of
room in the back. He then refused to ride up with me...like refused. He
wasn't going to ride with me. This kid has quite the temper, I'm
suprised he didn't start swinging, like he did at Del in bball once. Fox
could see out the back and we were all good to go though. Dan was
stilled pissed the whole ride there, I think he eventually got over
himself.

#### More Later..

That's all the time I got for now...also to come in this past weeks
edition: more about camping, my new vibram five finger shoes, relaxing
on sunday, swimming Monday with Kaity, and Bonesaw's win streak
continuing. Plus a special on my new wheelset that I picked up today!
And the toaster is still in progress, I'm planning to call my Uncle
Carl's friend Dave to get some help building it, he's really interested
in this stuff. And I found a fully assembled one online, following a
lead from Lauren seeing one on Rob and Big, some show on MTV, thanks
Lauren! You can check their
out [here,](http://www.econvergence.net/electro.htm) I think that I
might have to fold on the alternator or finding a DC induction motor of
my own, and buy theirs. It's \$150...which I think I did the math on,
and it will take me 9.13 years to make that much money back in
electricity, biking 1 hour a day at 250W with electricity at 18 cents
per kWh. But hey, that might actually be doable!

#### New Stuff

Here's a look at some of my most recent purchases...first the "shoes."
I'd seen them around campus I think first, and thought that were pretty
interesting. I found them online, and they are called the [Vibram Five
Fingers.](http://www.vibramfivefingers.com/) Since the sizing needed to
be pretty precise, and I didn't want to trust the sizing chart that they
had online of a conversion from my regular shoe size for something like
that, I really had to find them in store. Online, they have a store
locator and there wasn't one in Blacksburg, and not one anywhere near
Syracuse. My only hope would have been to stop somewhere in Roanoke on
my way up for the summer...so I wasn't really able to get them. It
wasn't until a few weeks ago that I think Kyle mentioned that one of his
friends had got a pair, I checked their store locator online and found
one in Syracuse! It was at J Michael Shoes, on SU Campus...so I gave
them a call and took Eric W. with me on an adventure through the city to
find the place and after finally just parking somewhere and walking
there, I finally got to try some on. The red open-top ones that had
looked good online didn't actually look right on a foot haha, maybe my
feet are too white, but I ended up going with an all-black model that
covers the whole foot, and they are definitely less obnoxious than the
other choices...the thought crossed my mind to try to get away with them
at work, but I don't think that's gonna happen haha. You really don't
notice them unless you look kinda close... So I ran around the yard that
night (I think it was last Tuesday) and was amazed at how comfortable
they were. I really didn't want to take them off haha. I didn't get
another chance to really wear them that week, but wore them camping and
got some good use of them as water shoes and even some "trail running."
Overall, I'm really happy with the shoes, I think they'll hold up pretty
well too. Not sure that I'll ever be able to run with them on pavement
though haha...well without furthur adue (spelling...?) here they are: (I
hope this comes out right with my html...)

...don't have pix (moved from older blog)

Next up, my new aero wheelset! I think that every cyclist wants an aero
wheelset, but I wasn't about to put up the \>\$1000 for a limited-use
wheelset...and my paired, bladed spokes were about as aero as I was ever
gonna get in college. But, being on the OCC listserv finally paid off,
after 100's of emails about doping debates and stuff, I can across the
sale of set of Spinergy Rev-X (4-spoke) carbon wheels! I looked on ebay,
and found that they were going for like 100/wheel so I emailed the
person who listed it to the oCC, and he gave me the contact of the
person who was actually selling them, so I emailed and then called her
and took Eric on yet another excursion after work, and we drove to
Liverpool or something like that to check out these wheels. As it turned
out, the person selling them was the ex-wife of the previous owner of
all this bike stuff, and it was hers now, so she was looking to get rid
of some of the stuff in her basement. I offered her 200 for each wheel,
even though the rear has a sizeable ding, that was a really good deal
for an aero wheelset I think. I'm still all excited about them, and even
put on my aerobars with the front wheel to prepare my bike for that time
trial environment of the triathlon, which includes the [Great
Race](http://www.great-race.com/) in August, which me and Lindz will
hopefully be doing the tandem in! So now all I got all the equipment for
my triathlon...short maybe a swim cap, all I gotta do is keep learning
how to swim and actually riding my bike and I'll be all set! Here's a
look of the bike set up, with all the wheels:
