Title: Champions!
Date: 2009-06-17 17:34
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: champions

Big news: X-Factor, formerly know as Bonesaw, won the Marcellus Park
Pick-Up Sand Volleyball League Tournament on Tuesday. The roster
included three Reagans: myself, my Dad, and my Mom. Along with us was
Andy Caster, Ryan Del, and Jenn Daley. Me, Andy, and Jenn played almost
every week last year without a victory, and with the help of some
strategic position and bump-set-spike play, claimed our first crown this
year the first week of play, without losing on the way there!! It was a
lot of fun overall, the other teams were pretty cool, although obnoxious
at times...

This evening, I forwent playing basketball at the Park to officially
join and go for my second ride with the OCC. It was a really good ride,
totaling 34 miles, though slightly shortened with the threat of rain.
For about 10 minutes, some guy named Paul pulled us into a stiff
headwind and on a slight uphill at over 28 mph...and by the time we
reached Jordan (about 40 minutes in) we were at 23.4 mph AVERAGE! It
slowed down slightly, but we still finished over 20 mph, a pretty solid
ride. I think that puts me up to like 80 some miles with the OCC, and
only two rides. After the ride, a few of the guys asked me if I was on a
race team, which was pretty cool. I must've ridden fast or something? I
did pull the first few miles to seperate the six of us from sight of any
of the other riders... The worst part was that in a rush to get there, I
forgot to bring any water or food, and after getting lost twice on the
way there and taking the long way home I was starving and pretty frickin
thirsty! I got lost on the way there because on Warners road, in some
park on the right, there was a ton of bikers and bikes on cars so I
stopped there thinking that maybe they changed the start location...and
then they told me that the OCC ride started right around the corner at
Airport Rd but after driving a mile down that way...that was also wrong,
it was where the directions pointed all along! Possibly the coolest part
of the ride, besides the crazy pull by Paul, was seeing two fawns, more
precisely stopping for them to cross the road so close that I could've
touched them!

I've also been getting a lot of hits for clothing since Tim posted the
leftover list to the VT team site, which is pretty cool. Lots of Tech
alums and new riders, exciting!
