Title: It's been awhile...
Date: 2009-07-20 17:46
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: its-been-awhile

I think it may be safe to say that in some ways, twitter replaced what I
was doing with this journal. But, twitter is just snippets, so I think
that this still needs to be here. I have been riding my bike a lot in
the past week and change, since my last update. And I definitely have
plently to talk about too. Here goes, in "reverse" chronological order.

#### Ride for the Rescue

Yesterday, Sunday July 19th, was the Ride for the Rescue and despite
getting a flat tire I had a great time. It was tough getting up and
ready to ride on three or four hours of sleep, probably the lesser
considering the couch in Zdanowski's basement was not the most
comfortable thing to sleep on, especially trying to share it haha. The
ride itself was great, I was the first person through the first water
stop at 15 miles, having started near the back and worked hard to bridge
up to the leaders, which became me and 3 others. But, when we were going
down from Bennet's Corners toward Shaneateles, I hit a thumb sized rock
on the shoulder with my front wheel and after hearing the huge bang
sound it made on the carbon rim, was thinking "Phew, that was scary" up
until 100 meters futhur when it became apparent that my front tire was
losing air. So, I flatted, and the others rode on...I told them I was
fine because I had a tube, pump, and tire levers with me, everything
that I needed to change a tire. I wasn't truly excited, but hey it was a
good chance to make use of all these gadgets I had bought for this
purpose. Problem was, when I went to put my new tube on...the stem was
way too short for my deep dish carbon front wheel. And the part that got
me the most was that I had my regular front wheel on earlier in the
morning, and decided to use the aero wheel last minute... So I waited
(some time...we must have been pretty far out) for someone to have a
tube I could use or something, and I talked to just about every person
doing the 62 mile ride asking for a long stem tube. A few people had
them that came by in about 20 minutes, but even the "long" stem tubes
weren't long enough!! So I waited some more, was about to call my Dad
until I realized that my phone was out of batteries...sweet. I
considered asking my dad to drive up to the inner harbour and get my
other wheel and bring it to me...since I was pretty sure that I wasn't
going to be able to change the tube. Finally, someone came by on some
Ritchey carbon wheels, and had a super long stem tube with him! I traded
him for the "long" stem that I had acquired...and in another 10 minutes
I had my wheel pumped up to about 80 PSI (pretty soft, really) and was
on my way!

That whole ordeal had to have taken an hour, and I was pretty sure that
I was the LAST person out on the route. The first person I caught was
the guy who spoke before we all left who had been on the streets and the
Rescue Mission had enabled him to get his feet under him and get his
life back together. I talked to him for a few minutes, then continued on
my way. I met up with some people riding mountain bikes helping
eachother up the hills (literally, with an outstretched hand on the
other's back) and got to the second waterstop at Skaneatles with a
pretty big group of people. I actually stopped at this one, since I
wasn't really in a hurry any more, and topped off my bottles with
Gatorade. The people running the stop were really nice too. So I
continued to catch people...and worked really hard to catch one group
that seemed to be going fast enough, seeing as how hard it was to catch
them. In that group was the guy with the Ritchey wheels whose tube I was
using, he had said that I would probably catch him haha. I never really
caught names, but this was the group that I rode to the finish with. It
was me and three others, one of whom I realized was Del's Uncle, who I'm
guessing is Mr. Scheutzow, since he is Emily's Dad. We talked pretty
much the whole way back, it was pretty cool. The view across Otisco Lake
was awesome, the sun was out when we got there, and you can see all the
back across the lake. I made sure to point out the Crysler mansion when
we passed it, and since Mr. Schuetzow had been talking about it, I
picked up the pace a few notches after we crossed rt. 20 all the way to
the park. Only problem was that I lost all the people I had riding with
except him instantly and he only held onto my wheel for a minute, so I
got to the park by myself haha, it was a "good crank" as he put it. The
Marcellus HS baseball team were the ones manning the water station, so I
ended up talking to Jon Quick for a while and it was when Mr. Schuetzow
asked those guys if they knew a Ryan Delsomething that I was like hey
yeah he was my best friend in HS, we graduated together, and I told him
that I knew Emily too, and he confessed to being her father haha. And
another one of the guys we were riding with asked them if they knew
...shit I can't remember her last name right now... Emily something and
it was like yeah I graduated with her too! Small world this is....

I performed my best impression of Mark Cavendish to the finishline to
leave the other three that we were still riding with in the dust haha, I
was still feeling pretty fresh really... I saw Jeanne and others from
work, and the people that we worked with at the RM on Friday after I got
there, and had to explain to them why it took me so long haha. I also
caught up with Rich from the OCC club who I had started the ride with,
dropped when I bridged to leaders, and he said that he eventually caught
up to the leaders and finished with them. I shoulda been there! But then
I wouldn't have met Mr. Schuetzow...so everything works out. I saw one
more Marcellian serving food there, never knew her name but she was the
girl that was my height (not really but close) as a freshman on the
girls bball team, she knew my name. And they had blooming onions from
Outback and bottled Orange Crush soda...so good. Mr. Schuetzow took my
number and said that he'll get me on an email list for some rides on the
weekends with those guys, which should be cool. All in all, I think that
with the money I raised that even though it may not be the \$2000 that
was the most someone raised, I think that the Rescue Mission really is
doing a good thing and that by doing what I can, I really did help to
make a difference in the lives of others. If 63 miles sounds daunting,
there are many shorter rides and I would definitely recommend joining
the Ride for the Rescue next year for everyone!

#### Saturday

I got to sleep in until I was no longer tired which was a marvelous
start. And as promised, I went on a bike ride with Kaity at 2. I rode
down to her house and we went 14.5 miles out and back on Pleasant
Valley, and she did really well. I had to grab my brakes downhill
sometimes, but it was good. We stopped at Eric and I's favorite rest
spot, by the stream that follows the 13 curves where it crosses Pleasant
Valley. I also found out that Kaity had a twitter so now I have some
friends, woohoo!

I pretty much chilled until the night, and Del got back late and had
chores to do, so I did him a solid and picked up the cake and ballon's
for Sarah's birthday party at Dan's. I knew Dan was having ppl over, but
I didn't know it was for Sarah's birthday (which was the day prior)
until Del called and asked me to pick stuff up! Dan was freaking out a
little bit about having too many people, so he told me that we didn't
have room for shields and so Eric made other plans before he realized
that we did have room, which was a bummer. And so when we got there, it
was just Me Dknick Del Sarah Zdan Hannah and Johnny Mars. Seven people
isn't really a party, so we called some more and I ended up driving down
and picking up Shannon, who I'm pretty sure had fun too haha. So yeah it
turned out to be fun, Del ended up going to get the funnel, or more
accurately I drove him home to get the funnel lol, and of course I had
to do one after we got it but I don't think that was really gonna have
much effect on anything. Not sleeping couldn't have helped, but I had a
good night's sleep the night before...anyway it ended up being a lot of
fun. Knickerbocker was soooo funny, he fit more of Zdan's pantry into
his pants than I would've ever imagined possible, I'm laughing right now
just thinking about it (lol!).

#### The week (condensed) - Slade's Camp slash my Day Off and working with the RM Friday

Getting 6 hours of sleep per night (which I guess is my fault...) and
just looking at a computer screen for so many hours a day for so many
weeks was realllly starting to add up. I had thought about taking this
whole week off...but obv didn't. So when Slade invited me to come to his
camp for a night, I told him I couldn't leave that very night haha I had
to go to work at least the next day, but I asked Dave for the day off on
Thursday and worked hard Wednesday to finish all my work and got out
early. Slade drove me and Knickerbocker up in his van and Jack drove up
later with Tyler, Nicky, and Gretchen. I got to swim a couple times and
even though the water was a little cold, it felt really good. The night
was a great time, some very interesting games of kings, the interesting
part being the rules that Slade came up with... I actually slept really
well, Jack and Tyler and Gretchen left early in the morning cuz Jack had
to work or something like that. Slade took the rest of us to Sackett's
Harbor, to get the "best french toast in the world!!" as he put it haha.
It was at theÂ [Tin Pan Gallery](http://www.tinpangalley.com/), which was
a really cool restaurant. We sat outside and it was just beautiful out.
The stuffed french toast was soo good, but like he said, difficult to
finish! There was just so much butter and cream haha, if I was to go
again I think I would try to Blueberry Bread French Toast, I saw someone
with one of those and it looked delic., or the cheesecake waffle...it
all sounded and looked so good haha. Not cheap, but worth it. Then we
wandered around the town, I definitely felt like I was on vacation aka
like a tourist lol. We wandered up to the park and after trying to do a
frontflip and almost breaking my back...we found some people who were
dressed up like 1812 times, and they were cooking in a Dutch Oven. We
went over and talked to them, and realized that they were like our age
and that was their summer job, and there are like kids camps going on at
the park and that's what they were doing. The dude had a real 1812 rifle
and was going to shoot it, but he was out of black powder...but we got
to hold it and it was pretty sweet lol. Nicky took a picture on her
phone that is on Fbook, but I can't get to that to put it up here right
now, I probably will if I have time. On our way back to the car we got
some home made ice cream which was really good and then we drove home.
We got home by like 3, I tried my very best to talk Slade into doing our
bridge jumping on the way home but he had class at 5..lame. It was so
nice out that I was definitely going for a bike ride, and Shields asked
me if I wanted to go on a ride and so it was like old times! He hooked
up his speaker to his bike and everything...there were a few differences
from a few summers ago tho. First, it was him that was just trying to
keep up most of the time, and he was the only one of the two of us that
was wearing basketball shorts haha. It's been a really long time since
I've done that haha. We went close to 20 miles, I did 25 including the
to and from my house, which was really good for Eric having not left the
couch in like a year. I didn't really break a sweat until my way home,
but that's ok with me really. All in all, the day and a half off were
really relaxing and just what I had thought that I needed. It was almost
like having more than that off, since I did "work" Friday but it did not
involve looking at any computer screens...all of the interns and some HR
people, like last summer, spent a whole day at theÂ [Rescue
Mission](http://www.rmsyr.org/Home/Main_Page.htm) in Syracuse. We helped
this time mostly set up for the Ride for the Rescue, which was really
cool since I was doing it. So I got a sneak preview of part of the
course (not sneak really, the routes were posted online) putting up mile
markers for the 10-mile course and of the main area setting up the big
sign, loading and unloading all the stuff that they had to take over
there from the main campus in Syracuse. The two people from the RM who
we worked with were super energetic and awesome, I saw both of them
Sunday and they were excited to see the "OBG Boy doing the 62 miles!"
Haha so that was really good, and Friday night I pretty much just went
to bed early, did an easy-ish ride on my trainer as I recall.

#### Sunday the 12th

I got up early enough to look at the OCC ride which was leaving from
Onondaga Middle School, which is just 7 miles down the turnpike so I
headed out to that. There were 37 and 63 mile options, and I went there
planning on doing 37...ended up doing 63 haha. I hadn't biked since the
Sunday prior so I was definitely hurtin at parts, pretty early in the
ride we did a big climb up Fox road...which was yet another reminder to
my legs that running and basketball and swimming don't mix well with
cycling, especially when they keep me off the bike entirely... Which is
why I lost the lead group, not a big deal though, I rode with this one
other guy. Damn I wish I was better with names... anyway it was pretty
uneventful minus the fact that we took a wrong turn (or, didn't take a
turn more accurately) and went right through the Onondage Nation (the
indian reserve). I didn't really think that was big deal either, but
after we finished, Wayne who had waited for us told us about this one
time that some club riders got shot out in there... There's more to it
than though, not like they were just riding through. Apparently some
asshole flew by them super fast and honked so they gave him the driving
finger, and then mistakenly told that same driver that some f\*\*\*in
asshole almost hit them back there, and it was the same guy...he
might've just shot in the air, but they heard a gunshot and didn't look
back. But the guy that I rode with told a story about how when he played
lacrosse for West Genny (probably a really long time ago) he used to go
in there on his bike to get stuff for his lacrosse stick, and once when
the tensions were real high went in went through a roadblock that they
were having and they let him in...different experiences for sure. Well
it's been over a week since last Sunday so I forget what I did the rest
of the day but it probably involved a nap, those long rides really tend
to wipe me out!
