Title: Spring Break 2010: Teaching, tending to my wounds, cooking, pictures, and my first stop-motion!
Date: 2010-03-12 23:52
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: spring-break-2010-teaching-tending-to-my-wounds-cooking-pictures-and-my-first-stop-motion

This break, rather than go home or go to somewhere exotic, I stayed
right here in Blacksburg. Since the dorms are closed, I spend the week
(and am currently) at David Henry's townhouse. He works in Roanoke, and
so he was here all week too, although he just left to go home for the
weekend, so Arturo and I have the place to ourselves!

[caption id="attachment\_193" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="It's really quite a mess, but it's somehow
cozy"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5442.jpg "Dave's House")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5442.jpg)[/caption]

Getting up early to teach wasn't so hard, because I'm used to getting up
early from both classes and from racing.  But because my wounds were
leaking some hydro-colloid, I didn't want to wear my nice new dress
shirts, so I wore sweatpants underneath my khakis and two undershirt
under a polo.  For the first few days we, basically observed class, and
it felt a lot like being back in high school, but East Montgomery is
worlds different than Marcellus and I was looking at it from the other
side: teaching.

East Montgomery (EastMont) is classified as a high needs school, because
many of the students come from very low-income families and it is a
small school, graduating only 50 students per year.  I learned a ton
from the experience, am considering teaching (possibly at the high
school level) but am probably going to steer clear of the high-needs
schools if that is what I do.  We actually had to keep journals of our
experiences, which I'll quote from include at the end to summarize the
week, which is pretty much what today's journal was.

Monday night Dave cooked most of dinner, with me and Arturo out in the
kitchen helping.  It was really good! [Here's a link to a picture of our
homemade meal.](http://tweetphoto.com/13746372) Tuesday night we cooked
dinner for Dave so it was ready when he got home, attempting again to
make break, which came a little salty and dense haha, but still alright!
 Then Wednesday I got out for a 20mile ride at 4:30, having to put the
new bars, open my brakes, and wipe some of the blood off the bike
(there's still a lot on there now...), and get ready to ride which was
more than I had planned.  But I got out, and got a really great ride
with Jim Stoll, who is a grad student at Tech.  I missed dinner with the
other interns and math-ed grads, and so Dave and I went out to Mike's,
but that was closed, so we went to Backstreets.  We tried to see who
could drink the most water, but we couldn't really get fast enough
service to test the limits haha, Dave finished with 8 glasses and we
only had enough to fill 7 and 3/4 of my glasses haha, so I guess he won.
 Then Thursday, I went out to Panera with Arturo with the math-ed grads,
but only one of them ended up making it.

Then Arturo and I went to Carol Lee's to try and get some free donuts,
knowing that they closed at 5:30 we showed up at 5:29 and the dude gave
us a whole huge box of them!  Then I went over to Catherine's dorm,
where her, Emma, and I all had dinner and talked about Bike and Build
and how excited we all are to be doing it this summer!!  Then tonight
I'm just layin low I guess, did a lot of clothing order stuff and am
still putting off doing real homework haha.

### Wounds

The more I reflect on the crash, the better I feel about how I came out
of it.  I didn't break any bones, didn't hit my head at all, and didn't
really lose tooo much skin.  The hydrocolloid bandages are supposed to
work wonders, I went to Schiffert on Monday and they hooked me up with a
bunch, and I've been tending to them all week.  I've made a lot of
progress, from barely being able to move Monday, to going on a 20mi bike
ride Wednesday, to being able to lift my arm straight up today (although
painfully).  I took some pictures, which I'm going to include next,
after a disclaimer haha.

WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT!! really not so bad, but everybody is different,
so better safe than sorry lol

[caption id="attachment\_194" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="My shoulder, which took it pretty
hard"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5440.jpg?w=300 "Shoulder wound")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5440.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_198" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="Took it the hardest, pretty sure it hit the ground hardest, and
is definitely the deepest of any.  Pretty stiff to move, but I was
hopping up two stairs at a time
today!"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/right-knee.jpg "right knee wounds")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/right-knee.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_199" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="The right knee, just some scrapes
really"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/left-knee.jpg "left knee wounds")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/left-knee.jpg)[/caption]

The elbow lost some major skin too, which I didn't get and pix of, but
yeah on the whole not so bad really!

### More pictures! Of racing and such

Everybody loves pictures, right?!

[caption id="attachment\_195" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="Pic that Lauren got of my second lap attack! There's no one in
front..."][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5404.jpg "WM10_attacking_Lauren")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5404.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_196" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="The car got in the way...but just look at those ripping quads
haha. Many many hours of
training!"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5405.jpg "WM10_attacking_Lauren_2")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img_5405.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_197" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="Not a great picture of me, but look how long my hair is
getting! I need a cut soon, very soon
haha."][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img00062-20100312-0713.jpg "Long hair")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/img00062-20100312-0713.jpg)[/caption]

### Teaching Journal

Since I don't really feel like editing it, here is my *uncensored* Noyce
journal entry, it should give a glimpse into the week and what I thought
of the whole experience if you care to read:

"

Today was definitely the closest experience I have had to actually
teaching, or will have at all before deciding for sure if it's what I
want to go into.  I got to run class for two blocks using the powerpoint
that I made yesterday and following Krista's lesson plan.

Today I introduced tessellations, the different types, and we did two
activities to reinforce the concepts.  Like always, class started with
two SOL problems, which they copied into their notebooks and I went over
before jumping into the powerpoint.  I attached that in case you want to
look at it.  They wrote the definitions of the two different types into
their notebooks too, and after a few examples, we broke into two groups
and did the hands-on activities.  I ran the tracing blocks into
tessellations activity and Tyler and Valerie did the cutting out and
gluing shapes into tessellations activity in blocks 2 and 4,
respectively.

I thought that being up in front of the class with them listening was
the highlight of my week, and I was very grateful for the experience to
actually teach, although I think I was still doing Mrs. York a favor so
she could do other things too.  It would have been a lot more work had I
made the lesson plan and decided upon the activities myself too, but
even just making the slides, there is quite a bit of time that goes into
planning class that I never had an appreciation for in the past.  I
definitely think that putting time into planning effective activities
could significantly affect how well the students learn, and their
feelings of math in general, based on how much they enjoy going to
class.  The cut-out shapes were from the VCTM's "illuminations" and it's
great that there is such a resource, without collaboration between
teachers it would be so much work, and I can see why the first years of
teaching are the hardest when still assembling lesson plans and
materials to use.

Overall, I am very glad to have taken part in the Noyce Internship
program, and it has definitely helped me to decide what I want to do,
and whether I want to teach math in a high needs school.  The levels of
respect and discipline problems that are associated with high needs
schools are definitely real and affect the ability of all students to
effectively learn, and there were a lot of times that I felt like
students were being force fed math, when they didn't really want to
learn.  It is easy to get frustrated, and talk negatively of the
students like many of the teachers do.  Teaching in that environment is
very draining, and I think it would be hard to do every day.  Given
these obstacles, I'm not sure that I want to teach in a high needs
school, but I haven't really decided anything for sure, I have to think
about it a lot because that's a big decision.

The best parts of the week were interacting directly with students and
helping them to actually learn.  And the most difficult parts were
having to deal with students that don't want to learn, are disruptive,
and are disrespectful.  It's the helping students part that keeps the
teachers coming back every day, and the difficult students that make it
a challenge to do so.  So, for future years, things that I think should
be emphasized are the directs interactions with students, and getting a
chance to stand up in front of the class by one's self.  The things that
I could've done without are the negativism (the teacher's lounge) and
the students being disrespectful, but those are both part of teaching
and of teaching in a high needs school, so I think that they are also
just part of the experience."

### Stop-motion compilation, 1 hour *compressed to* 13 seconds!

I also got around to putting together my first stop-motion video!! Check
it out:

[vimeo 10051828]

### And some other links that may be of interest:

I submitted an entry to Art of Manliness's photo contest:
<http://bit.ly/c8giSH>

Found a pretty cool techy blog: <http://www.labnol.org/>

I got a 44/45 of my ES Paper that I was totally stressing about last
week!
[LD\_report\_Reagan\_3\_4\_10](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/ld_report_reagan_3_4_10.pdf)

Found a pretty awesome Jay-Z parody, actually from google's twitter:
<http://bit.ly/9YLhm2.>

And that's pretty much all I got, stay tuned for more!
