Title: Home for the Holidays
Date: 2010-12-19 23:31
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: home-for-the-holidays

After finishing up my finals and then playing in the snow my last day in
Blacksburg, I drove home with a full car to home sweet home.  From the
time I hit the road, till the time I was in my driveway totaled 12
hours, marking the longest journey yet.  Utilizing Virginia Tech's
[Rideboard](http://www.vtrideboard.transportation.vt.edu), I was able to
fill the car and was really happy to give a ride to four other people.
 It was  a little tight, however, and I wasn't able to bring home some
of the things I had hoped so in future I hope to cap it at three
passengers.

Thanks to Katie Beatty, I was able to use a DARS report to find my
grades before they are released officially, and today learned that I
finished the semester with a 3.568.  I'm really happy with that result,
having had an awesome semester outside of class as well.  Needless to
say, I got an A in Brewing Science.  Here's a link to that final paper:
[Beer and Bicycle
Racing](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/12/Beer-and-Bicycle-Racing-Paper.docx).

Tomorrow, I start work at [O'Brien & Gere](http://www.obg.com/) again,
and it will be good to see my friends in IT again, the new office, and
make some rent money over break.  My Mom is going to drop me off
tomorrow on her way to work, and I hope to bike there at least once this
break.  The route biking there is only 11.7 miles and seems actually
pretty reasonable, taking back roads all the way there (Dad click
[HERE](http://maps.google.com/maps?f=d&source=s_d&saddr=4352+clark+terr+marcellus+ny+13108&daddr=43.0035693,-76.3098017+to:333+West+Washington+Street,+Syracuse,+NY+13202+(O'Brien+%26+Gere)&geocode=FYzTjwIdD61z-ymbXa9Sb_jZiTEFC2TkvP-stw%3BFbEukAId15pz-ymNasMJU_jZiTEZreD0wt3zVw%3BFXXikAId4_J1-yHrtk-dRq6irg&hl=en&mra=dpe&mrcr=0&mrsp=1&sz=13&via=1&dirflg=b&sll=43.014062,-76.241169&sspn=0.072297,0.154324&ie=UTF8&t=h&z=13&lci=bike)).

I've been thinking about some personal challenges for the coming year,
and a few of them are to (1) put more miles on two wheels than I do in
my own car (2) boycott the multinational bland beer or (3) join my
brother in going without meat once and for all.  The most obvious
obstacles that occur to me are getting home without a car, which at 600
miles would certainly be an undertaking, and I will be putting myself
600 miles into the hole driving back this spring.  The beer challenge I
like a lot, but it would certainly be as painful on the wallet as it
would be pleasurable on the pallet.  And going vegetarian may be the
easiest of the three, except for [Bull and
Bones](http://www.bullandbones.com/)' pulled pork platter so close down
in BBurg.

Here are some pictures from the trailer contraption I towed around
Thursday night in BBurg and of the Reagan Christmas:

[gallery link="file" columns="2"]
