Title: Washington, Missouri
Date: 2010-06-13 21:28
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: washington-missouri

Today was great day of riding, it was super scorching hot but we were
able to spend almost the whole day on a bike trail that was packed
cinder (totally rideable!). I was expecting loose gravel from rumors the
night before, but it was fine. I did, however, manage to take a wrong
turn and to bike by lunch, adding a total of 16 miles to our 55 mile
day! Our host at St. Peter's United Church here in Washington had
showers on site (always a plus) and provided us with an excellent dinner
tonight. We went and checked out the town which is cool, right on the
Missouri River, and are going to bed early for a very long day tomorrow
(96 miles!?).

#### The ride...how did I get lost?

I'm going to try to remember just how this happened haha, but it was
just strange.  During the ride, I wasn't having too much fun riding
really hard by myself and not being able to utilize the path to actually
ride side by side, or check out the attractions but it all worked out!

So we rode on some bigger roads for the first 13 miles or so, and going
down to the river to get on the trail, the path led to the left, but you
could both ways.  I had went down it by myself, and Sarah W was behind
me so I shouted back "left turn, right?!" but she heard "left turn!" so
she said "yeah!" so I had thought that she looked at cue sheet and it
said left.  I haven't had my cue sheet out yet, maybe I should work on
that... I rode pretty fast to catch people, a little over 20mph across
the gravel, but started to get worried after 3 miles and not seeing
anyone at all.  So I stopped a couple, and they told me I was at the end
of the trail! We were supposed to be on that trail for 35 miles, so I
turned it around and caught Sarah on my way back and we headed back.  It
was only a 6 mile detour, and the road was really nice so I didn't mind
it.  The only problem was that the 20 minutes of riding had put us
behind everyone.  I rode hard to try to catch someone, and passed the
sweep riders after a few miles back in the right direction and kept on
going.  I was riding really hard, at about 19mph solid on the flat
cinder into a headwind.  But I just never caught up to anyone! After 42
miles of hard riding in the heat I was out of water (drank both 20oz
bottles of gatorade and the 100oz camelbak) and ate both my clifbars and
I was starving from riding so hard with still a lot of miles to go, so I
called our van driver, and he said that lunch was at mile 30!  Which
meant that with my previous detour, I was only about 5 miles from
lunch...so around I turned.

Lunch wasn't shaded at all, so I *poured* on some PB and jelly to two
pieces of bread (doubled up haha) and it was just sooo hot and I'd been
riding hard by myself for so long that I was kinda miserable.  The only
people left at lunch by the time I got back there were sweep, so I
stuffed down some old pasta and headed out to try to catch up to another
group.  My legs were pretty tired by that point and after eating my body
didn't want to push...but eventually I actually caught up to some
people!

Then I got to relax with everyone, I was sad that I had missed going to
the winery or micro-brewery along the way (just to check it out, no one
can drink since we're riding).  It was really nice, and my day turned
onto a positive note for sure.  We talked about how so much confusion
could have happened haha, the group I had caught up to had missed lunch
entirely, and I'd ridden 17 miles furthur than them haha...it was just
all mixed up because no one knew where anyone else was on the trail
(couldn't chalk the gravel) and it was just strange how we got so messed
up on a straight trail haha.

#### Pictures:

[caption id="attachment\_960" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="View from the trail. It ran along the river about half the
time, and the other half farm fields. It was also mostly covered (trees
on both sides creating like a tunnel of SHADE which was nice). This is
one spot where you could
see"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/view-300x200.jpg "view")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/view.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_961" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The crushed cinder of the trail wasn't bad at
all."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/trail-300x200.jpg "trail")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/trail.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_962" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Coming into town, everyone stopped at Sonic. They gave us all
free cherry limeade and ice cream,
schaweeet!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sonic-300x200.jpg "sonic")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sonic.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_963" align="aligncenter" width="300" caption="I
didn't get my clothes in the laundry last night, and didn't really want
to because they insist on putting everything in the dryer! So I hand
washed and hang dried my clothes tonight haha, it really only took like
10 minutes, I bought the string in Terre Haute just for this purpose, it
worked
perfect!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/clothesline-300x200.jpg "clothesline")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/clothesline.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_964" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Downtown there were a bunch of small shops, a huge catholic
church (four blocks with offices and school) and an enorrmous bank that
made the rest of the town look small. It was outta place really. This
picture is of the Catholic
church."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/cath_church-200x300.jpg "cath_church")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/cath_church.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_965" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="They also had a permanent farmer's market which was nice, and
covered"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/farmers_market-300x200.jpg "farmers_market")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/farmers_market.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_966" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="We were down there as the sun was setting, so I tried some of
my photography skills out
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/train-200x300.jpg "train")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/train.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_967" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The sunset on the Missouri was
awesome!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sunset-300x200.jpg "sunset")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sunset.jpg)[/caption]
