Title: Steamboat Springs!!
Date: 2010-07-07 01:36
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: steamboat-springs

In one sentence: The ride here yesterday was great, I really enjoyed the
one climb and big descent, Steamboat Springs is an awesome bike friendly
town, and the day off today was perfect.  The internet here is useless,
so I'm going to try writing from my new phone so hang tight!

Picking up where I left off, we got to see fireworks the night before in
Kremmling and I got some pics that I think will come out pretty cool. 
Playing with sparklers and long exposure is always great.

It was our first night camping and oh boy it was cold, I think it got
down to 15 at night and without my wool socks it would've been a
stretch.  Getting up and around in what couldn't have been more than 30
degrees was hard, but once we got going it wasn't intolerable.  I tried
to stay warm with everything I had on, and hopped on the bike and
starting spinning away as soon as I was ready.  I headed out by myself,
and after 5 miles started to warm up a little I stopped to take off my
sweatshirt that was under my jacket and some pictures of the morning
that was beautiful despite being tad crisp.  Kristen caught up while I
was stopped and we got to ride together for a good while which was
nice.  There wasn't a whole lot to see, just hills and every mile there
was a small billboard for "F.M. Light & Sons" about cowboy hats or boots
for the whole family haha.

There was one big climb on the way, just before halfway of our 60 miles,
up and over Rabbit's Ear Pass.  I crushed both up and down the hill and
it really felt great.  I caught and passed pretty much everyone in front
of me, and at the top where the continental divide was, I met four Tech
grads who were meeting up for the first time after graduating together
in 94.  They were dissappointed to hear that their streaking ritual was
no more and that Pritchard, where they had lived, was now coed! It was
neat getting to meet some fellow Hokies, Hokie Nation alive and well!

Going down the pass was something like 7 miles at -7% grade, so I
thought it was going to be a bnb speed record breaker but there ended up
being a strong headwind which held us to just over 50MPH...sad haha.

When we got in the first thing I did was stop by the Verizon store to
get a new phone that I needed desperately to stay in touch with Lauren,
and I went with the Droid by Motorola.  So far I love it so much...so
many incredible features, though I still need to get used to it.

As a group we went out in town at night, which was fun because there
were some cool places but we didn't stay out very late at all.  For our
day off, I got to first sleep in, then walk to a diner for french toast
which was great after not having it all summer!  Then Noah and I suited
up to go rent some mountain bikes from the Ski Haus which was one of
three cool bike shops in town.  We were super excited to rent some 29ers
(29 inch tire diameter bikes...bigger wheels) and ride some of the world
class singletrack, but after we sped the two miles there, they were out!
Big bummer...so we decided to go check out on of the other shops.  I'd
been to Orange Peel earlier and they seemed pretty chill and turned out
that they had bikes to rent! And they were 29s! I rode a Kona and Noah
rented a Moots, mine was mid level at about 1500 retail and I got it for
the two hour rate with a big discount bc we're bnb for 17 which was
sweet.  The Moots was a titanium frame with X9 and went for 5500, so he
paid a good chunk more.

The riding was just insanely awesome, some of the most fun I've had on
the trip, rippin up the trails up and down the mountains.  I got some
scratches and covered in mud and it was perfect.  There were some
breathtaking views from the mountains we climbed, and I loved just
running over everything on the mountain bike.  I enjoyed creek crossing
of the cool clear stream we rode up with that I had to try hard not to
drink haha, after sinking the bike over the bottom bracket in mud but
even with the crossing, rock gardens and steep section I never had to
unclip so I impressed myself a little.  They told us just to bring them
back before close which was sweet and we rode for a good three hours
before takin them back...sooo much fun.  I'm definitely mountain biking
more this fall.

Then I got to mail some stuff home so I now have space in my bin
finally, got a sweet deal on a smart wool shirt across the street, ate
dinner made by us which was good stir fry and then go to the hot
springs!

I almost filled a printer paper box with stuff, which I used because I
didn't want to do flat rate because that goes priority which I don't
need.  And they charged \$3 for the ready post...what a rip haha.  So I
got it all organized and shipped for \$15 which I was happy with and in
time to check out the 50% off smart wool sale going on at the outdoor
store across the street.  Got to use my cell phone app that reads
barcodes and uses gps to do a local product search and it works perfect
and in like 2 seconds I knew that I had a sweat deal.  I got a medium
weight base layer and I'm excited to use it!

The hot springs were like 7 miles away, and since pretty much everyone
wanted to go we did van shuttles out there.  It was super relaxing,
there were both hot and cold pools and I used them both to help recover
my legs after some hard riding today.  A perfect way to cap off our day
off, and now I'm hittin the thermarest to be up in 5 hours!  I just
wrote this all on the cell and the real keyboard is definitely the best.

Sorry there aren't any pix yet, thanks for reading!
