Title: Welcome to Indiana!
Date: 2010-06-06 21:42
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: welcome-to-indiana

Today we had our longest day so far, and biked into our fourth state!
Right after we left the skies opened and there was a massive downpour,
we all got soaked (at least I did) and it was raining so hard we could
barely see.  But biking in the rain is fun and it cleans the bikes, and
then we all overcame the headwind for 87 miles to make it to Columbus!
One group managed to find an exotic animal farm along the way too haha.

I actually didn't take a single picture during the day, FAIL...my camera
was in it's waterproof bag and frankly, nothing sparked my interest
enough to take a picture of haha.  I got one picture on the day of
Kristen, Caroline, and Jen sleeping together on the couch, but I'm using
Jen's laptop so I'll save that one for tomorrow, it's good!

#### About the riding, lots of corn and wheat:

Sadly, there wasn't actually a state sign when we crossed the border.
 There was a street that was on the border we rode on, so it was fun to
cross the line like 30 times haha weaving across the double yellow.  The
whole day was relatively flat, although we were going slightly up or
downhill pretty much the whole ride.  What made it difficult was the
massive headwind that we had to go straight into, that kinda headwind
that makes you wish we were biking from West to East haha.

After lunch and when the headwind started to pick up, I was riding a
little ahead of our group so Sarah W came up and joined me.  After
pulling for awhile, I was going to wait for the group so I sat behind
Sarah and then Sharif came up and asked if we minded if he pulled lol.
 So he went a little harder, and we ended up losing the group pretty
hard and eventually it was just us two, so I thought we should stop and
wait so we pulled over on a nice lawn and took a nap! It was a nice nap,
the sun came out for a little while, but the group we had waited for
just kept on going by us! So we finished our nap, and with about 30
miles left went to go catch them.  We rode reallly fast for awhile,
pulling at 23mph into the strong headwind, and we never saw them...
Aileen had a water stop like 12 miles from the finish and when we got
there she said that she had passed those guys, but we were the first
ones to the stop.  Strange, we waited there for like half an hour and
finally we found out that they had a busted tire and had waited in a
barn where nobody saw them lol.

A group of us decided to finish up the day, and I was still feeling
really good so I pulled pretty hard into Columbus, and Emma, Caroline,
and I were the first ones here! The First Presbytarian church here had
put us up for three years in the past, and within the hour I was all
showered and clean up and eating ANOTHER delicious dinner of enchiladas.

#### Pictures, from Jen!

A lot of us watched a movie for the night, after a long day, and most
people are already in bed!! I got two great naps today haha so I'm good,
and so here a a couple of Jen's pictures of the day:

[caption id="attachment\_760" align="aligncenter" width="225"
caption="Jesse is expecting for Jen haha. From Ohio last night
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4566-225x300.jpg "IMG_4566")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4566.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_761" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Aileen was rockin the handstand last night as well
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4614-300x225.jpg "IMG_4614")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4614.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_762" align="aligncenter" width="225"
caption="Indiana!! (The best sign there was
haha)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4618-225x300.jpg "IMG_4618")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4618.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_763" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And so Jen's group found an exotic animal farm along the
way...who would've thought that existed here in Indiana. It's actually a
non profit orgianization apparently
lol"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4635-300x225.jpg "IMG_4635")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4635.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_764" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="They had real buffalos! Look at how big they are next to
Kristen!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4664-300x225.jpg "IMG_4664")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4664.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_765" align="aligncenter" width="225"
caption="Jen with the three day old baby deer, I missed
this!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4672-225x300.jpg "IMG_4672")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4672.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_766" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Kristen became known as bamby because of how cute she was
holding the baby deer
:)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4679-300x225.jpg "IMG_4679")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4679.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_767" align="aligncenter" width="225"
caption="They even got to play with baby
tigers!!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4705-225x300.jpg "IMG_4705")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4705.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_768" align="aligncenter" width="225"
caption="And what would a day be without a picture of Jesse
lol"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4712-225x300.jpg "IMG_4712")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_4712.jpg)[/caption]

That's all for now, tomorrow should be an easier day, we get to sleep in
an hour and a half to 6:30, yay!!
