Title: An Epic day of Exercise
Date: 2010-11-04 13:31
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing, College life
Slug: an-epic-day-of-exercise

Yesterday, I woke up to Will Massey's phone call that he was waiting for
me at the Chapel for our ride.  Whoops, missed my alarm!  He came to the
house though and good thing, borrow some leg warmers, and I shoveled a
bowl of cereal down and off we went for our bike ride.

I posted the ride as 80-100 miles, but we picked a 65 mile route that
Will had done before.  Heading out Den Hill and over to Alleghany
Springs turned out to be a beautiful ride.  We had thought it was going
to be freezing, the temperature was in the low 40's, but it wasn't bad
at all.  There was one big climb on that road and it wasn't too bad, it
was a very rural but super smoothly paved road.  Perfect.

Still feeling some legs on the climb back up Ellett Rd, I sprinted and
took the Blacksburg town sign, for a 3-2 win on signs.  On the way back
through town, I grabbed a pair of delicious apples at the farmers market
and made a half pound of pasta with breyer's vanilla for dessert!

Before I had a chance to get much done besides shower and eat and clean
up, it was time for cyclocross practice.  Christian picked me up, I took
David's MTB, and we picked up Will and Stephan on the way out to
Kentland Farms.

After some looking around we luckily found the place, despite Cole's
terrible directions.  The course turned out to be rediculous, at a mile
and half long with some major climbing.  I'm going to stand very little
chance on a mountain bike, although there is one very sketchy downhill
for which I'm glad to have front suspension.  My legs were not too
tired, but there is no relaxing up "Ig Hill," a super steep, paved,
climb on the course.  Sunday's race avoids the hill, and makes me think
that might be all I'm up for.  But I'm doing both races...hopefully I
don't slide a turn into the live electrical fence along the turns.

And then it was back to the house, for the second half pound of
spaghetti, a shower and getting my running gear and stat HW together. 
Eating quickly, I grabbed everything I thought I would need and headed
over to Katie's house. Stat HW is just miserable, and never fun, be we
managed to do most of the first two (of 7 problems) before I headed over
the Stephan's for the night run.

Not sure how my legs were going to fare, 12 of us drove out (I drove 6
of us) to the bottom of the gateway trail, namely "Old Farm."  Going up
it brings chills to mountain bikers and runners alike, a 1.4 mile,
600-ft climb up the side of Brush Mtn that is very technical and just
hurts.

Gotta run, but I finished the run up and felt great somehow.  We then
ran for another 20 on top, and ran back down with our weak headlights
and only one rolled ankle in the group, sorry Kay!

I felt great, and actually feel like I'm in good shape.  Will M did this
whole epic day as well, and we're going to crush it on road bikes come
this spring!!

And I just put these up on FB, so here's some pictures!! (random mostly,
of some great meals, SPARTA, hiking, and such)

[gallery link="file"]
