Title: Biking to and building in Kansas City, Missouri!
Date: 2010-06-20 16:00
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: biking-to-and-building-in-kansas-city-missouri

Slated to be our longest day yet on the website (106 miles), we awoke at
5AM to get ready to ride.  I was real tired for some reason, pretty sure
that night I saw the RAAM rider come through caught up with me haha, and
didn't really get outta my sleeping bag till 5:30.  The church made us
breakfast which was good, I had two things of oatmeal and bagel, and was
packed in time to get my bin out before they started loading the
trailer!

video: [final](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/final.avi)
(i'm working on embedding it)

#### The ride

After getting our cue sheets, on which there were a *lot* of turns, we
found out that it's only a 90 mile day! (the website had said 106) That
still means we get two lunches though :)

It was an absolutely beautiful day to ride today, and we had nice roads!
At mile 10, we stopped to stretch and I'm pretty sure that by the end of
the trip I'll be able to put my whole hand down in front of my toes
*with*shoes on.

The miles flew by, and I'm pretty certain it was because we had a decent
tailwind the whole way.  The terrain was rolling, with some pretty
decently sized inclines and declines.  On one of the downhills I hit
46.3MPH still pedaling, in Lance's book I read he said that they break
70 down the Alps...that's craziness.

By mile 30 I was starving, since I hadn't eaten since breakfast and was
banking on this lunch stop.  As we passed a gas station at mile 30 and
one at mile 31 where he could've pulled over I was thinking
"Derrick....you're killing me!" But as we climbed to the top of a hill
at mile 32, lunch! It was at a super nice little park, with SHADE: worth
the two mile wait haha.

I headed out with the faster group of Noah and Sharif and Emily and Emma
and Mark, among others, and we set a good pace for the next 30 miles.
 Again the miles seemed to fly by, and possibly the funniest part of the
day was when this biker dude passed us on a chopper bike (handlebars
higher than his head) going into town, Mark and Noah and I tried to look
as cool by putting our hands up and turning them to go faster.  Then he
must've stopped somewhere in town, because he passed us again and when
he did, all 3 of us immediately put our hands up just like him haha, all
in sync.  It was pretty great, I'm sure it was one of those "you had to
be there" things.

We caught up with Joe and Aileen and Tio who had left lunch before us,
and as soon as we did Joe turned around because his camelbak nozzle had
come off.  Noah pulled at a moderately fast pace for like 6 miles, and
then when Joe caught back on he asked me if I wanted to crank it.  I
thought he meant go up and give Noah a break, so I grabbed his wheel.
 But we hit the front and then just kept on cruisin.  Turns out Joe's
speedometer wasn't working so he didn't know how fast he was going, and
just felt like hammering.  For a good two miles he pulled so hard that I
could barely stick, at like 23 up the hills and 28 down them.  After
that I pulled and barely increasing my effort, I was going all out.
 Sitting in the aerobars, our speed picked up to close to 30 across the
flats and after about two more miles I looked back and realized that I
had just gapped Joe a little. That was the hardest I have ridden yet on
BnB and it felt great.  We happened to be at mile 64, so we waited for
the other riders and van to catch up for lunch \#2!

My awesome habit of not wanting to hop right back on the bike after
eating and cooling down kicked in, and I tried to nap in the sliver of
shade next to the building whose empty lot we were in.  It was heating
up for sure, and I was trying hard not to get back in the sun.  I did
lay my jersey out on the pavement though so it would dry haha.  After an
hour and half of eating and with two unsuccessful attempts at a nap (my
phone had turned itself off by this point) I wanted to get going again.
 Pretty much everybody had come and gone, so I headed out with Jesse and
Alyson who were taking it easy(er) for the day.

After we got riding and got some wind, the heat didn't melt us lol and
again with the slight tailwind, we made great progress toward our host.
 We got in to Raytown, MO and our wonderful hosts at the Blue
Ridge Presbyterian Church and I was at mile 93...so I rode around the
streets crit style and got in 100 miles! Ended up with 103 on the day.

#### Building!

The heat was intense, I don't know how hot it got exactly but with
humidity I was melting haha.  We rebuilt a porch for a lady who has
owned her Habitat home for 31 years, it was the first one that Kansas
City's affiliate had built, and they're the 8th oldest in the nation.
