Title: More cycling clothes, racing this past weekend!
Date: 2010-04-20 12:31
Author: andyreagan
Category: Uncategorized
Slug: more-cycling-clothes-racing-this-past-weekend

I'd hoped to write up a nice post about races this past weekend, and
about all of the clothing stuff that has been going on....but haven't
had a chance and I probably won't, seeing as I have two tests in the
next two days that I know little about.  Here's a touch on both of those
(clothes and racing).

#### Cycling Clothes

Finally they got here, but I was in Roanoke with Lauren when DHL was out
to deliver them.....and after many phone calls was able to get a hold of
Josh to be there and sign for them.  DHL called me when he got to Tech
about where to bring them, and thankfully all went smoothly because when
I got back at 6PM, there were 16 cartons in the hallway.  The 17th was
all Men's M jerseys, which were all extra so that was the best one they
could've not delivered.

Lauren and I spent that whole night counting the order, and putting
together individual orders, and by 2AM I called it a night, with just
people from the team's orders together for the race tomorrow.  The
system of putting orders together worked great, Lauren was crushing them
Friday and I got really fast putting them together Saturday and Sunday
when I spent probably 20 combined hours in the hallway assembling them.
 I got a good three hours of sleep Sunday night...

[caption id="attachment\_392" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Friday Night's setup in the study
lounge"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/study-lounge-300x200.jpg "study lounge")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/study-lounge.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_391" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="My Lee Hall packaging center, where I spent Sat and
Sun"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/hallway-300x200.jpg "clothing hallway")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/hallway.jpg)[/caption]

Yesterday I spent three or so hours at the post office shipping the
orders that needed to be shipped, writing the address (from and to) by
hand wasn't really that slow though, I just had \>50 to ship.  I made it
back in time for class, barely at 2:30, in pretty rough shape.  Monday
night I lugged the ones for pickup to the meeting, and got rid of a lot
of them!  So far, it's actually went pretty smoothly on the whole!!

#### ACCC Conference Championships at Tech: Road Race and TTT

It definitely was not my weekend for racing....Saturday on little sleep
and after being the lead vehicle for the B race (sitting for the three
hours prior to mine) I wasn't where I needed to be in terms of health or
fitness, and made it up the climb but not with the lead group.  We
worked to catch them, but it looked unlikely and I was doing almost all
the pulling....here's a picture of my race haha:

[caption id="attachment\_393" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Max effort, trying to break to the
finish"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/pain-300x232.jpg "pain")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/pain.jpg)[/caption]

I'm not really sure where I finished...but it wasn't so great.  The TTT,
was is one of the most fun events out there and we only get to do one a
year, was a complete failure, dropping James in the first mile and then
Matt Londrey's shifter breaking...so we didn't hardly make it 5 miles
before turning around.

#### Sunday's Crit

The "Grandpa Frink CRC Safari" had some great potential, but short
story: a guy crashed and slid right under me, taking me out
completely....and so I was left with a DNF and no skin on my upper left
leg.  I was pissed.  I was scraped up, gloves ripped, bibs destroyed,
jersey ripped, jacket scraped, bike scraped up, pedal and cleat
broken....I don't even want to tally what it'll cost but all the clothes
were *brand new* and I was feeling strong for the race, and this is
second race that Lauren has come to this year and my second crash and I
don't want her to think that bike racing is just crashing and getting
hurt....it's usually pretty fun haha.  Since we've been dating, every
race she's come to I've crashed haha....bad luck.  This scrape was
incredibly more painful that the last crash, and I'm pretty sure I
tweaked my right knee as well, but won't know for awhile until I get
back on the bike.  I'm alright really, just got two really nice and deep
scrapes on my upper left leg, which make it challenging to move my leg
very much....and are really just one more thing I'm going to have to
deal with these next two weeks.

I have pictures of my leg but they're pretty gruesome...

Here is one that Lauren took of the crit pre-crash:

[caption id="attachment\_396" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="How to not slide into other riders in a
corner"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/ACCC_Crit-300x162.jpg "ACCC_Crit")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/ACCC_Crit.jpg)[/caption]

#### The Plan

I'm pretty overwhlemed right now, with the clothing and two tests in the
next two days and our bike ride this Friday and trying to keep up with
all the Earth Week events and to be able to see my Lauren!

So, I'm going to keep limping around campus, working on clothing,
studying for my tests, promoting the ride, taking two weeks off the
bike, and hoping that this week comes to an end.  Apologies for the
pessimism haha, that's the mood I'm in.
