Title: Owen Cup and more
Date: 2010-11-18 19:29
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: owen-cup-and-more

Last weekend I participated in the Owen Cup, a local unofficial bike
race.  It was a lot of fun, and I felt great.  After three hours of hard
riding, and a poorly executed attack, I finished THIRD in the Men's B
race.  I was riding with just a jersey and shorts, and by the end had
the jersey all the way unzipped, the weather was AWESOME.  Both the day
before and day after the race I was riding in just a jersey and shorts
too, love it.

Will and I were leading most of the way out on hills Mt Tabor road, on
the first hill we went off and splintered the race pretty well.  After
we turned back onto Harding, some of the Rogues guys who had been
sitting on the back attacked, and their teammates were blocking but I
wasn't going to bother going after them anyway.  Jason D and Tyler G
took off and bridged up to them, but I never feared that the four were
going to stay away.  The way back on Blacksburg Rd we took it super
easy, and then started rotating toward the end before the climb up
Harding, and the climb up Happy Hollow.  Still feeling awesome, Will and
I went hard up Harding and even harder up Happy Hollow before getting
caught by the A's on Tabor.  We all stuck with them, and I was pulling
through most of the time.  Chris and Will were right up in the action
too.  They weren't going particularly hard, (looking at the power below,
see how the second time on Tabor was easier), and we caught the group
that had attacked.  Keeping a strong pace onto Blacksburg Rd for most of
the way back, it was coming to a finish.  Since Will and I were the only
ones pulling, I decided I might as well go a little harder and attack
about a mile from the climb.  I asked Will how his legs felt, and he
said he was feeling a little tired, but I went ahead and attacked
anyway.  If he just stuck on, the move should have helped him out by
getting others to chase.  John Delong had been sitting on the back to
let the B's race it out, but nobody chased me so he did, and then others
joined in (including Chris B and Andy W).  It didn't take too long of me
hammering out front before I was caught, and then the VT B squad was
dropped by the A's right at the base of climb.  I didn't realize that a
B, Yarik, was still with the A group.  All of legs were tired, and we
climbed Harding with all we had.  It was painful after 60 hard miles,
and to my surprise I actually beat Chris to the top, but couldn't keep
up with Andy W who went on to take second.  At the top, I about
collapsed, sprinting in for third.  Chris was right behind me, and Tyler
came up after a bit.  Then we saw Will and Jason and everybody, and I
didn't hang around for the A's to do another lap.

[caption id="attachment\_1784" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="POWER! WATTS! Pretty sweet that you can see everything that I
described above in
this."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/owen_cup_annotated-300x139.png "owen_cup_annotated")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/owen_cup_annotated.png)[/caption]

Andy W and I went on an important mission to recover the Owen Cup trophy
from the display case, and a volleyball tournament that crowded War
Memorial created just enough diversion for us to sneak it out.  It's a
really awesome trophy, and to see Ben King's name on it, with his recent
national championship, being signed by Team Radioshack and racing in the
TdF next year, was inspiring.

[caption id="attachment\_1777" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The trophy!! On my nightstand,
yeahhh"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3848-300x200.jpg "IMG_3848")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3848.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1778" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="It's an awesome trophy. I remember seeing it before I even
liked bikes, visiting Va Tech in high school... Metal work was done by
John
Frink"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3849-200x300.jpg "IMG_3849")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3849.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1779" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Once he wins the tour next year, this thing is gonna be worth
some
\$\$!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3850-300x200.jpg "IMG_3850")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3850.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1780" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The elevation profile is on the back. Check out Harding on the
second
lap!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3852-300x200.jpg "IMG_3852")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3852.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1770" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The after race party at
Lefty's!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMAG0059-300x200.jpg "Owen Cup after party")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMAG0059.jpg)[/caption]

After the race, I headed over the Homebrew Club's cookout with Andy and
Jeff B met us, for some good beer and chili! Beer = excellent recovery
drink.

Then we went over to Lefty's for the post race get together with people,
but this year's winner Owen Nielson wasn't there to sign the trophy...

Then after the sweet SAYG ride on Sunday, I went MTB'ing with Ritchie
for three hours on Monday at 8AM.  It was a ton of fun, and I think I
might even be fast if I had a bike that fit me! Beat up my legs pretty
good too:

[caption id="attachment\_1775" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="No blood means I wouldn't have gone hard
enough!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3837-300x200.jpg "IMG_3837")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3837.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1776" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Check out the size of that knot on my shin...it
hurt."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3843-200x300.jpg "IMG_3843")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/IMG_3843.jpg)[/caption]

That's about all I got, just finished up a stat test that I studied
really hard for, and was worried about, but I was the first one done!
That felt good.  And tonight...goin to hunt some books, then tomorrow
heading to Carrboro to visit Ral, Laura and Mark!! Stayin there for the
weekend, then my Mom is coming down for the first half of Thanksgiving,
and we're going to WV to spend Turkey day with Jean, which should be
really good.

Only 1.5 weeks of classes left, craziness!!
