Title: 60 days till I leave for Bike and Build!
Date: 2010-03-20 23:53
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: 60-days-till-i-leave-for-bike-and-build

Crazy to think that in just 60 days I will be setting out on my bike
across the country...

I feel confident in my cycling strength, although my knee has been
giving me lots of trouble since going down in the race at William and
Mary. My left one in particular, is very painful still, and it will be
two weeks since the crash, so hopefully it starts feeling better soon.
My shoulder has healed over completely, and my right leg looks and feels
good, it's been downgraded to bandaid status, I'm still trying to keep
hydrocolloid on the left one. I just want to be healed already...it's a
pain to deal with, but hopefully by next weekend!

Our deadline to have \$2000 raised is Monday, and right now I have
\$1925 raised! So I'm pretty much on track, and hopefully will be
sending letters out to family soon, to raise the remaining \$2075.

As part of the "Sweat Equity" requirement, which involves spending a
minimum of 10 hours helping out local affordable housing organizations
before the summer, I spent the day today in Roanoke with the Habitat for
Humanity there.  It was another good experience with Habitat, and
counting the fall work, I have the 10 hours but plan to continue with
more!

[caption id="attachment\_223" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Hayden (lower) and Alex assembling scaffolding, I was taking
the
pictures!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/IMG_5673_s-200x300.jpg "Habitat for Humanity")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/IMG_5673_s.jpg)[/caption]

#### Lauren and Jenny's Bday Dinner

Last night (Friday night), we went out to celebrate Lauren and Jenny's
birthday, at Bud Foster's.  It was a good time, and we got a great
picture together haha, Lauren said it was frame-worthy!

[caption id="attachment\_221" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="We look pretty fly
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/IMG_5616_s-300x200.jpg "Lauren and I")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/IMG_5616_s.jpg)[/caption]

#### Community Bike Ride update

And in other happening this week, my ES group, our advisor Cortney
Martin, and Beth Lohman and Ed Hokanson from the NRVBA met to finalize
the ride plans. We decided to lead smaller groups, since the cops are
allowing "no bike events in the downtown" and the NRVBA is going to
sponsor the event, meaning there will be helmets required and hopefully
the ride will leave from the GLC Lawn or the Drillfield, Click
on [Community Bike Ride
flyer](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/flyer.pdf) for a
very tentative flyer.

We ran into many obstacles planning the ride with town, and it really
pretty disappointing it is to plan an event, and how unsupportive the
Town and Police towards a community bike ride... but after some gloomy
moments, I do think it's going to happen.  It is disappointing for us
that it isn't going to be one big group, and the whole difficulty of the
process for something so simple, and how insurance and liability becomes
such a big issue, and so it is also hard for us as students, who are
usually only in Blacksburg for four-five years.  The "long-term" seems
pretty lame, but I do think that getting this off this year will be a
start to bigger and better rides.  The next step may be to have the
co-op lead monthly community rides, although they definitely would be
more of the unorgized "critical mass" rides.  There is tension between
achieving visibility for cycling and pissing off drivers, and in no way
does blocking the streets and making people mad do anything for cycling
or to lessen the tensions between cyclist and motorist, which are
unnervingly tense (think Lance Armstrong and Tony Kornheiser going at it
on TV this week).

#### Other news

I did get a chance to go out to Roanoke on Monday as well, and picked up
some new handlebar tape and hoods.  All white! It looks sweet in person,
but has ALREADY not as white as new haha.

[caption id="attachment\_224" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Looking fast!! And yes, my room is almost always this messy
haha, no matter how hard i try to
clean"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/IMG_5595_s-300x199.jpg "New handlebars")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/IMG_5595_s.jpg)[/caption]

The math HW that was due Wednesday consumed a significant amount of my
time this week, it was a bitch, but I'm pretty sure I figured it out.  I
also spent some time, a few hours, fixing up Lauren's bike and with a
new tube, it should be good to go!!  Also, in the coming weeks I'll be
working to help redesign Newman's website, and maybe it will give me
some inspiration to write my own Wordpress theme! (we will be writing
the theme for that site from scratch)

I'm also up for election Monday to be an officer on the cycling team,
which I already am but I'm switching haha, to either Webmaster,
Sponsorship or President.  Both Ben Warren and David Henry are running
for President, and both will be excellent presidents, right now they are
VP's of the mountain and road team right now.  So I will probably
withdraw from that race, and am unnopposed currently for the other two
haha.  I think that I would enjoy being webmaster, and I think
sponsorship wouldn't be so bad either! In fact, I think that those two
need to work together well to integrate sponsors to the webpage, and
create system to keep track of donors and sponsors for the team.

I shall end with a song that has been stuck in my head all week, see if
you can guess who it is!

"The star maker says, 'It ain't so bad'  
The dream maker's gonna make you mad  
The spaceman says, 'Everybody look down!  
Its all in your mind!' "
