Title: Quick Race Recap: 5th place!
Date: 2010-04-12 04:04
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: quick-race-recap

The "country roads" road race today was definitely out in the country,
and some of the roads were not in great shape, but like yesterday it was
well planned (except for the start times...) and went smoothly!  In
Men's C, we did 3 12-mile loops.

#### Lap 1

[Nick S](http://fiddleharpa.wordpress.com) and I started at the back of
the group, with the Women's B field haha, and chatted for the first fews
miles.  After turn 1, there was a small acceleration though, and they
were OTB (off the back) haha.  There were two climbs on the course, the
first being gradual and longer, and the second very steep, with gravel
at the top, but short.  As we hit the climbs, Nick and I moved up
through the field, nearer to the front, and on the steep gravel section
at the top of the second hill, 5 guys took off.  I was pretty far behind
them, Nick was with them for a little, but I decided to go for it and
accelerated over the top of the climb and put it into TT mode to catch
the break, passing Nick in the process.  There were 5 guys up, going as
hard as they could to get the gap, and I was really in no man's land a
half mile behind them... I biked harder than I ever have before in my
like, literally going 40MPH on the flats, trying to catch, and after 3
grueling miles caught them! I had nothing left in the tank...and pretty
much sat on.  We had a group of 6, with only 24 miles standing between
us and top 6 finishes haha.

#### Lap 2

Again the action took place on the hills, I fought hard to stick with
the group on the first hill, and did.  On the second hill as we hit the
gravel, myself and the guy from GW popped off, pushing as hard as we
could over the top.  We worked together really well to catch again,
after a few miles, but it wasn't anything like the first effort.  We
were both cooked by the time we caught, and again pretty much sat on the
back.  I took some pulls though, when I felt like I could.  Somewhere on
the flat-ish (it was all pretty rolling) we lost the GW guy and I was
looking at 5th if I could hang on.

#### Lap 3

I was so tired that I had no real intentions of sticking over the hills,
but hoped to get far enough away from anyone else to secure that 5th
spot.  Near the top of the first hill, I'd had enough, and told the
other four I'd see them at the finish haha! I worked up the next steep
hill, and after coming over the top without being able to see anyone
coming up the climb, I gave everything else that I had left in a TT-like
effort over the last few miles, and rode painfully through the line for
5th!

[caption id="attachment\_381" align="aligncenter" width="386"
caption="Pretty pleased with the
result."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/WVU_RR.jpg "WVU_RR")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/WVU_RR.jpg)[/caption]

It was one of the toughest races I've done....never again do I really
want to chase down a strong break when I'm out of shape, but it was a
fun day and I'm definitely pleased with the result.

I'm really glad my parents came down, I can barely move in my dorm room
it's so full of stuff haha! Planning on a light ride tomorrow and
preparing for conference championships, it's gonna be a tough week! Time
for bed.
