Title: To DENVER!
Date: 2010-06-29 10:50
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: to-denver

Over the past two days, we biked 190 miles from St. Francis, KS into
Denver, CO and the riding has been spectacular.  Our stop on the way was
supposed to have been Akron, but was actually 24 miles out of Akron, and
the church was 5 miles from the nearest building! The closest town was
Anton, population \~40.  Riding into Denver was beyond words, seeing the
rockies rise out of the horizon as we got within 50 miles gave me
chills.

Riding to our host Sunday, in "Anton," we crossed the state line into
Colorado but not much changed in terms of scenery.  In fact, it was the
flattest and most open we have seen yet.  I was sweeping, which means
that I was one of two riders that rides at the back and makes sure
everyone gets in.  It was a long day to sweep, at 87 miles, but Jen Hock
and I gave everyone a head start and had a great day riding.  The first
82 miles were straight on route 36, and then we turned left at the town
of Anton and went 5 miles into nothing to find the church.  Jen and I
were caught up with Jesse and Alyson by the time we took the left, and
we saw the van at the store on the corner so we stopped.  Turned out
they had some delicious chocolate milk! We met an older man named Larry
who was biking from Denver to St. Francis that day as well, which was
cool.  We got passed a couple times by these huge things, and I think
they are the bases to windmills! I'm impressed that he made the corner.

Riding into Denver was just so amazing and seeing the rockies rise out
of the horizon after weeks of riding through plains gave me chills.
 Getting closer we could see the skyline of Denver below the rockies,
and rode right into town.  I love the city, and we had a good dinner of
Lasagna after getting shuttled to showers, hung out with some bike
mechanics, and then went to a Bike and Build alumni's house to hang out
for the night.  I got up early this morning, and explored the church and
found a way onto the top of the steeple! The view is unreal of the city
and the mountains.

I have lots of pictures of everything, but I'm not going to have time to
insert them before our fundraiser today, they'll be up in not too long!

I'm excited for the fundraiser today, we're going to be riding the new
bike share cruiser bikes, Denver is launching the biggest bike share in
the nation, and then we're getting dinner at a Brewery and I'm going to
check out the flagship REI and see the sunset from the steeple of the
church hopefully!!

#### Pics into Denver (6.28)

coming!

#### Pics from fundraiser (6.29)

coming!
