Title: A busy week!
Date: 2010-02-18 20:48
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life, General updates
Slug: a-busy-week

So having not done much work over the weekend, on top of two big tests,
this was a hard week!

I had: an ochem test, syntech (ochem lab) report due, ES paper due, lots
of mass and energy HW due, and a test in calculus of several
variables...as well as meeting the BB PD, reading at mass on Ash
Wednesday, a bunch of meetings, and trying to train for this coming
weekend.  Ok that's enough complaining haha and somehow I managed to
survive!  Well, almost, I still have to do my Mass and Energy HW for
tomorrow.

### Monday

On Monday, I was suuuper sore from the race Sunday, so I did a light
40min spin on the trainer, and brought out the foam roller.  Man, I
forgot how much that thing hurts!

Since I only have two classes on Mondays, and didn't make it to my 8AM,
I had to finish the HW and go give it to my professor.  Lauren went over
with me before lunch, and got to meet Prof Durrill, cuz he's the man,
and I got my test back too from Friday, 95!! Pretty psyched about that,
although it wasn't really super hard.

The rest of the day consisted of class, the cycling meeting, dinner with
Lauren, Dave and Emily, and preparing for the week (i.e. syntech
prelab).

### Tuesday

Meeting with Marty from the BB Police was OK, he was for the event, but
told us about all of the obstacles he saw and the problems with it.  We
all still came out of the meeting positive, but upon filling out the
application to make it a town event...the problems began.  Basically it
looks like we'll need \$300,000 of insurance and pay for the police to
have the road closed, AND sign under the line saying "applicant shall
assume risks incident to or in connection with the permitted activity
and shall be solely responsible for damage or injury, of whatever kind
or nature, to person or property, directly or indirectly arising out of
or in connection with the permitted activity..." and there's no way I
can do that.  But, I think we're still going to try to get it by the
Town, and if they're not on board, it's gonna happen anyway! That's the
true spirit of critical mass anyway, since we are asserting that it is
our RIGHT to bike on the road and not a privilege that requires permits
and police. So it's gonna happen, and it's gonna be awesome.

I studied a TON for vector calc Tuesday night, some with Ruthie, and
actually started to make some sense of the long equations and theorems
in my notes. Then at 11, I hopped on the trainer and did 4x5min
intervals, followed by a cold shower, and studied for another hour or
so.  I really enjoyed doing the 5min efforts on the trainer, b/c I'm
actually preparing very specifically for the race this weekend which
starts with a PROLOGUE!

### Wednesday

Again on Wednesdays I only have two classes, and after my 8AM, I worked
hard on vector calc all the way up till the exam at 2:30 except for
lunch with Lauren at 11, and think I did fairly well on the test. I
totally blanked on one formula, that's I soo should've known...but still
think I did ok.

It was Ash Wednesday, marking the beginning of Lent, and I chose to give
up red meat.  So far, it's been all meat, and Lauren didn't want me to
"b.c of cycling" but I really don't need that much protien for cycling,
it's a carb-intensive sport! Endurance training is soooo unlike any
other sports (aka normal high school sports).  Reading at Mass went
well, I went over with Kristen and met up with Justin, Jenny, and Hayden
on the way there haha, pretty cool to have friends to sit with at Mass.

Since I didn't really feel too ready with O'Chem, I did the HW over
again that was due Thursday as review, and did two practice tests.  I
also had to work on my ES paper, which was lit review table, and the lab
report for simple distillation, fractional distillation and
refractometry.  It took me till 4AM, but I got it all done, and felt OK
about ochem...

### Thursday

I could've started "thursday" a little earlier, since the first four
hours of the day I was still up studying, but the day really started
with my 8AM ochem test.  This is where today started to go wrong: I woke
up feeling pretty refreshed, which immediately worried me, and it looked
a little light outside.  I glanced at the clock: **9:05AM.**My exam ends
in 10 minutes. Immediately I went into panic mode and threw one some old
clothes, not bothering with gloves or a hat, or socks for that matter,
and sprinted on my bike to Hahn Hall. Got there at 9:15, my lungs
burning from the 25F air, looking like death, and went up to my
professor and told him that I had just woke up... and he said to meet
him at his office.  I had syntech lab now, but that wasn't important. So
I met him, and verified that I hadn't seen the test or anything, and he
set me up in an empty lab to take it.  PHEW!  I don't really wanna say,
but it probably didn't hurt that I still had the ash on my forehead from
the day before, knowing the Prof Kingston is really religious (he told
us the first day that he sometimes preached at a local church).  It was
just me in the lab room, and I had my completed practice tests in my bag
and knew they would've helped, but I didn't open it. Not sure how well I
did on the test, but I think I did OK.

Strangely enough, on my way from Hahn South to Hahn N where the lab is,
I saw my TA in the staircase! I frantically told him my little story,
and he said no worries, to just go to the lab and he'd be there in a
few, he was getting a sample.  I worked quickly in lab, and by two hours
had finished the whole lab with everyone else, although I was the last
to leave the room.

Tired, looking and smelling like hell from the whole ordeal, I opted to
skip ES lecture for the second time in four semesters, to come back to
the room and shower, and eat.  In that time, I also finished up the
paper and submitted it, before going to discussion.  Discussion was
good, ChE soph seminar was good, learning about the oil refining
industry and it's need for chemical engineers...don't think that's what
I want to do though. But it could be who knows.

Tonight I went on a mini shopping trip to CBurg, went and gave James the
\$600 for the deposit and first month of our house, and picked up a
metal file to wage war with some lawyer tabs this weekend! (Lawyer
tabs=those annoying pieces of metal that won't let your front wheel come
off the bike.)

This is also my first real post on the new site!! I think this is gonna
work for me to update this summer and for all the time! Soon hopefully
I'll start spicing things up with pictures, and see how easy that is
too.

That's all for now, I'm super excited to be finished with this weekend
and to have a late valentine's dinner with Lauren tomorrow night, and to
race this weekend!
