Title: Over Mt. Hood to Portland!
Date: 2010-07-28 22:49
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: over-mt-hood-to-portland

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="319" caption="Joe enjoying the
hammock in Gresham that
night"]![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-1280375263043.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="299" caption="Mt. Hood! We
came pretty close to
it"]![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-28-11.15.02.jpg)[/caption]

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-28-11.04.44.jpg)

That title is actually quite misleading though, as the pass over Hood
was dissappointly easy and I have yet to be in Portland, we're staying
in the suburb of Gresham.  The ride was great up next to the mountain,
and coming way back down to good ol sea level.  Dinner was miraculous,
with ice cream and apple juice, can't beat that!  A special thanks to
Noah's parents for supplying the chocolate cake and fruit salad as well.

I started the morning with a slow packing of my bin, since I had taken
it all apart to organize and clean.  Sleeping the night in the hammock
(picture of that setup from last post) worked great, and it packs up in
2 minutes, quicker than rolling and deflating the thermarest!  Our
awesome awesome hosts in Maupin had a wonderful spread of breakfast for
us, and I ate lotsss for what had been hyped to be a challenging day.  I
filled my camelbak for the first time in awhile, and am glad I did.

After our route meeting, and 20 seconds of dancing to no music that I
time every morning, and our chant to Paige, I took off with Mark and
Dave.  Jesse forwent riding with Alyson and was looking to ride fast for
the first time in weeks, so he caught up with us.  On the climb out of
the valley, we lost Dave unfortunately to a mechanical I think, and
passed just about the whole group up the climb.  Its fun to start at the
back and be able to feel the progress passing people haha.  If the trip
lasted another few months though...who knows and I might be the one
getting passed, the improvement of other riders has been awesome to
watch.

After getting out of the valley it was pretty much flat as we approached
the foothills.  Into the pine forest and we went up, gradually for a
little while.  All the time we were wondering when the climb would
start.  To our suprise, we saw a sign desisnating that we had ascending
a pass of 4000ft...I didn't notice that much uphill.  And then we went
down, and lunch was early at 37 miles.  Zach had missed lunch so Mark
and I went after him with a bunch of food, but after only a little bit
more climbing...we went back down.  Signs for a 5 mile downgrade of 6%
and the fact we were right at the side of the mtn meant we were done
climbing, and that was anticlimatic.  But the descent was awwwesome, we
went down forever!

I thought we'd went down below sea level haha so was suprised to see we
were still at 1500ft, and we kept going down.  Eventually we made it to
Sandy, and made a stop at the very famous Joe's Donuts.  Two of the best
glazed donuts I've ever had melted in my mouth and I got a root beer
float for \$1!

It was rolling from there, and it must be the low elevation cuz we
pretty easily cruised, without tailwind, at 24mph up and down the hills
all the way here.

At our host in Gresham, we got spoiled again with lots of great food,
soda and such when we got here.  And yeah dinner was good, and now were
gonna go out in Gresham.  I'm on a hot streak with hammock, check out
todays spot haha.  (I think the pictures go at the top from the phone
though).

Thanks for reading, tomorrow we got to Portland proper to build and
brewery!
