Title: William and Mary races, big crash
Date: 2010-03-08 22:18
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: william-and-mary-races-big-crash

Saturday's time trial was uneventful, I crushed it about as hard as I
thought I could, dropping over two minutes off last years time with the
same wheels and no aerobars. Although I did have an aero helmet, and the
foam pads on my bars were awesome. Ben Warren started 1min behind me,
and did catch me, but I kept in my sights the whole time.

[caption id="attachment\_184" align="aligncenter" width="305"
caption="Ben Warren's very own B+ field started 1min behind me, he was
too afraid to make it
two!"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_starttime.jpg "WM10_starttime")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_starttime.jpg)[/caption]

I finished 12th or 13th, can't remember exactly, but it wasn't really
where I wanted to be with the effort that I put in...but I think that
changing up my position would have helped tremendously (lowering seat,
titling forward, moving forward to accommodate for more stretched
position in psuedo-aerobars).

### Sunday

I should first mention that the directions were wrong, but with Lauren's
GPS and her driving skills we were still able to get there in plenty of
time for my race.

It was again warm enough for just the jersey and shorts, which was
awesome, and despite starting in the way back, after an aggressive
sprint out (may or may not have been across the yellow haha) and some
aggresive cornering, I was right where I wanted to be.  I sat in for
awhile, we were doing three laps.  Here's a look at the course:

[caption id="attachment\_186" align="aligncenter" width="378" caption="A
pretty flat, very scenic
course"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_course.jpg "WM10_course")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_course.jpg)[/caption]

It was pretty funny during the first lap, a guy from some team that had
three riders went off the front early, and of course nobody really
bothered chasing with so long left, until his teammates sprinted to the
front and both pulled hard to bring him back!! What do these people
think?!?! Haha...chasing down their own teammates.  Actually I just
remember now, I heard one navy guy lecturing another to not chase down
any navy attachers haha.

Brandon from VCU is pretty cool, and he has a strong guy on his team Sam
that he thought I should try to work together with.  We decided that Sam
and I should attack the second time we come over the start/finish hill,
so about three of four miles from that hill, Sam and I got on the
front.  We pulled all the way to the hill, not too hard, and went up the
first and steepest part of the hill fast but not attacking yet.  Then we
kept the pace up on the flatter section of the hill, and hit it hard up
the last part.  I was on the left, and it was pretty sweet to be out
front attacking going by the crowd! A pretty sweet picture of Sam and I
hitting it out in front of the field is below:

[caption id="attachment\_187" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="Sam and I attacking
hard!"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_attacking.jpg "WM10_attacking")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_attacking.jpg)[/caption]

The attack didn't stick, we never really got away, although I do think
we strung the field out.  There were some other strong guys with us up
front, and we all decided to attack again out of the next corner while
people were still tired.  So we all went, there were maybe like 5 or 6
of us in on it, but somehow the remainders of the field stuck on.  So we
were in a group of 30ish, and it was going to be a field sprint I took
it.  We rode out the rest of that lap, and I got in the second row of
riders once the whole road opened up and we were at the bottom of the
hill.

I felt fresh, and took off up the hill on the left.  I was going hard up
the steep part, when the guy in front of me went down...and I went right
over him.  From my wounds, I've figured out  that I took the hit with my
left knee and right handlebar, rolling onto my right knee, shoulder, and
elbow.  I was the second to go down, and landed facing the oncoming
riders, and it all went by so fast but I'm pretty sure I got hit by like
5 other riders.

Bloody and hurting, I got up and started pushing the bike, but it
wouldn't roll.  So I picked it up and put it on my shoulder only  to
realize I had no skin on that shoulder.  I carried the bike further,
only to notice the smashed handlebars and was so pissed that I crashed,
with Lauren and her dad there, when I had such a good chance to finish
well and felt so strong, that I just threw the bike on the side of the
road and walked up.

I bet it was quite a sight to see me walking up the road, with blood
pouring out of every joint.  When I got the bike back, the most amazing
part, besides the handlebars, is the amount of blood on the bike.  Here
a pic of what it looked like:

[caption id="attachment\_188" align="aligncenter" width="450"
caption="OUCH!"][![](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_handlebars.jpg "WM10_handlebars")](http://ecbiz83.inmotionhosting.com/~andyre5/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_handlebars.jpg)[/caption]

Poor bike...anyway yeah I slowly got medical attention as the pain began
to set in, my left knee was pretty deep.  Most painful of all, because
of all of the nerve receptors in our hands, was my finger on which I had
lost most of the skin right on the tip.

The good news is  that all of injuries are "just flesh wounds" (I'm
thinking Monty Python quote here) and no bones were broken and my head
didn't hit the ground.  In retrospect, I'm also really glad that my
handlebar crushed the way it did, as I think that it absorbed most of
the energy of the impact allowing my frame and fork to remain intact. 
The shifters, aside from their covers, also appear to be fine, which I'm
attributing to them being noticably loose before the race which allowed
them to move before being demolished.  Even the one on the trashed
handlebar side is fine.

I made it back to Tech just fine, and David had left the light on, door
unlocked, and had a much awaited bed ready for me when I got to his
townhouse.  Minus the crash, would've been a near perfect weekend, but
all in all it's OK, I should be healed up by the time school starts
again!  The bad part is that I was planning on getting in some good 
training in the upcoming *beautiful* weather, but looks like I'll have
to just chill for the week.
