Title: BnB Spaghetti Dinner Success and Wake Forest racing stories!
Date: 2010-02-23 06:48
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build, Bike racing
Slug: bnb-spaghetti-dinner-success-and-wake-forest-racing-stories

I"m still working on getting pictures into here, so bear with me haha.

So today Catherine and I hosted a spaghetti dinner to raise money for
our bike and build trips, and it was  a GREAT success! We raised \$418,
and with Kroger's help only spent \$40 on food, so that means \$378 are
going to help build affordable housing! Judging by the amount of money
and number of plates we went through, about 80 people came out, which
was *awesome!!*

### *<span style="font-style:normal;">WF Prologue and Road Race</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">Nick did a cool video review of the
weekend:</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">[vimeo 9681455]</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">The races on Saturday were staged from
a winery, which was pretty sweet, except for the beware of pesticide
signs we parked next to on the vines.</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">The prologue was painful, I got to
rock my new aero helmet and Reid let me borrow his aero wheels, so I was
for sure feeling fast. I didn't actually get the result until Sunday,
but ended up 14th in the C's with a time of 7:05.  Using Reid's wheels,
I didn't actually know how fast I was going, but using that time and the
distance of the race puts me at 19.74mph, which I'm pretty happy with
considering that the whole course was mostly uphill!</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">The road race was good also, the
weather was BEAUTIFUL which makes any race fun.  Brett and I started at
the very back of the pack, which was really pretty terrible, and in the
process of getting a better position I had to lock my rear wheel
probably 3 times, because of all the yoyo-ing the back of the pack was
doing.  Eventually we made up front, with myself taking some sketchy
outside lines on corners across the yellow to pass, but once I was up
there things smoothed out.  There were some hard accelerations and some
minor attacks, which split up the field real good, and so by the time we
were on lap 3/3, there were only about 25 of us left, and I was the only
Tech rider.  I was feeling strong the whole race, which was pretty sweet
because I was just chillin talkin to people, and actually met some guys.
 This dude from Marshall, who I presume is the only member of their
cycling team, had taken a plain white jersey and hand-drawn the marshall
logo and name on the back haha, talked to him for awhile.  Then about
halfway through that last lap, we actually started some pacelining, and
I manned up and took a hard pull, and when I moved to the left...sure
enough no one else pulled through. So I sat there, stopped pedaling hard
(although never stopping pedaling) and as soon as I relaxed the speed, I
heard a really nasty wreck happen in the middle of the field.  My fault?
Maybe...but who knows what happened.  If it was because of the
decelleration, it shoulda been the fault of whoever wasn't pulling
through really.  And so I didn't want to just sit on the front, so I
shifted down and few and sprinted out to the right....and then it was
just me! But I'm pretty sure the field knew as well as I did that I had
no intentions of really attacking haha, because there was no reaction in
the form of chasing me haha. Maybe I could've rode away with it...but
5mi is a really long time to ride by yourself at the end of a race. So I
got back in, and as the end of the race approached I moved into about
third wheel on the left side of the race, hoping to be able to sprint
out left at 200m.  But, when the road opened, the guy in front of me had
the same idea, the problem being that he didn't sprint fast enough! So I
was kinda stuck, kinda too tired to sprint hard anyway, and rode across
in 8th.</span>*

### *<span style="font-style:normal;">Sunday Criterium</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">The highlights of Sunday include:
finishing 5th in the crit, laying the parking lot IN A TSHIRT getting a
sunburn eating ice cream out of a half gallon container...and well
that's pretty much the best.  The crit, like the other races this
weekend, was pretty awesome and I think it may have been because I'm
strong enough this year to do more than just hang on the field...I can
move around and use some strategy!</span>*

*<span style="font-style:normal;">Less than two weeks of class remain
till spring break, gonna make it till then!!</span>*
