Title: To Portsmith, Ohio
Date: 2010-06-02 16:25
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: to-portsmith-ohio

We crossed the border today into Ohio, with a shorter and nice 60 mile
ride into Portsmith.  I'm at the public library now, and using their
computer so I can't do pictures but I'll add them in soon, they close in
an hour so I could run and go get my laptop but I don't really feel like
haha.

[caption id="attachment\_698" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The bin has extra
space!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6905-300x200.jpg "IMG_6905")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6905.jpg)[/caption]

My day started at 6:15 this morning, packing my bin up so tight that I
have extra room!

[caption id="attachment\_699" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Bikes in the AM, ready to be
ridden!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6906-300x200.jpg "IMG_6906")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6906.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_700" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="What breakfast usually looks like in a church
kitchen"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6907-300x200.jpg "IMG_6907")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6907.jpg)[/caption]

The typical breakfast setup: bagels, cereal, and bananas in the church's
kitchen.

It was only a one mile ride before we crossed the river into Ohio,
here's a picture of my next to the sign on the bridge and of the group.

[caption id="attachment\_701" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Welcome to
Ohio!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6911-300x200.jpg "IMG_6911")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6911.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_702" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The group! And Mark in the middle of the road
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6914-300x200.jpg "IMG_6914")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6914.jpg)[/caption]

At 10 miles, Mark, Emma, Jen, and I stopped for a quick stretch break,
and before long we were at the back of group, which is closer together
on these less mountainous days which is nice.  We got onto some really
nice country roads, and before long had to stop to take a picture with
some of the haybails!

[caption id="attachment\_703" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="We love
haybails!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6920-300x200.jpg "IMG_6920")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6920.jpg)[/caption]

We saw a pretty cool suspension bridge along the way, but those didn't
really come out but here is one anyway haha.

It's not worth the minute it would take to upload haha.

There was one really steep, but not very long hill and at the top there
were some very friendly and cute dogs.  One was a puppy :)

[caption id="attachment\_704" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The black puppy was sooo cute, a little shy
too"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6927-300x200.jpg "IMG_6927")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6927.jpg)[/caption]

I tried hard to drink lots of water, and successfully finished my
camelbak (100oz of water) and a bottle of gatorade (20oz) for almost a
gallon before lunch!

[caption id="attachment\_705" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Everyone was there today for the most part because we weren't
that spread
out"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6932-300x200.jpg "IMG_6932")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_6932.jpg)[/caption]

Speaking of water bottles, I bought two new ones last night because one
of mine had mold in it (I happened to look at the bottom of it at dinner
the other night, it's opaque, and it was really gross) and the other one
has some grease in the threads of the cap and I've been using it....but
I thought I'd play it safe.  I was telling people that I was going to
keep it with the "what's good for the bike is good for me"
philosophy...but nah.

[caption id="attachment\_707" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Here's the bike sans saddle bag (broken) and with the new clear
water
bottles"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bike-300x200.jpg "bike")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bike.jpg)[/caption]

The last 5 miles of today's ride were the worst part, on a pretty busy
highway, but I went fast through it and Jen kept right up with me, I was
impressed.  After surviving that, most of the group stopped for ice
cream, and I got a chocolate shake...yum.

After we got here I got to take a shower rigth away (love that) and then
we found out that Sharif had clippers and all the guys went to town
haha.  Dave buzzed his head down with a one, Joe cut his bread into a
handlebar, Noah trimmed his beard into just the dirt stache, and both
Joe and Noah showed their new inner cyclist by shaving their legs!

Instead of just buzzing my hair straight off (I had the option of a \#1
or \#2), I decided to go for the mohawk!!

[caption id="attachment\_706" align="aligncenter" width="243"
caption="The MOHAWK and my beard after only one week, the beard-off is
going
well"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mohawk-243x300.jpg "mohawk")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mohawk.jpg)[/caption]

After all of this took place, it was still only 2:30 and so we decided
to go check out the town and grab a snack to hold us over till dinner at
6PM.  Turns out that Kentucky is only a mile away across the river, but
the really sweet suspension bridge didn't have a sidewalk...bummer.

[caption id="attachment\_708" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The group walking downtown...watch out
Portsmith!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/downtown-300x200.jpg "downtown")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/downtown.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_709" align="aligncenter" width="175"
caption="The suspension bridge was sweet, but no
sidewalk..."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bridge1-175x300.jpg "bridge")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bridge1.jpg)[/caption]

We went to a few different shops, and ended up getting some snacks at a
cool Irish Pub.  I went in on some super nachos which was a good
decision for sure! The chili tasted homemade, and it'll hold me over
till dinner for sure.

On our way back, a few of us stopped at the public library to check it
out and turns out they have internet, score! So I cranked out this post
on their computer, too lazy to go get my own to do pix.

That's all for now, I'm excited for the dinner they're going to have for
us.  I'm not tired at all from the riding today...and got my blog out
already so idk what I'm going to do tonight, maybe read haha?
