Title: Discostick Day!
Date: 2010-05-23 14:47
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: discostick-day

Every day of riding at our pre-ride route meeting with all 32, the group
awards a Lady Gage inspired "discostick" to a rider for something
special to carry with them riding that day.  The first day it went to
the rider who raised the most money for the trip, and yesterday she gave
it to Derrick because it was his birthday.  Today, Derrick gave it to me
for being a really nice all around person and especially helping
everyone out with the bikes!! Pretty awesome start to the day.

[caption id="attachment\_554" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Breakfast!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/01_breakfast-300x200.jpg "01_breakfast")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/01_breakfast.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_555" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Raleigh just loves being on breakfast
crew!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/02_raleigh_loves_doing_dishes-300x200.jpg "02_raleigh_loves_doing_dishes")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/02_raleigh_loves_doing_dishes.jpg)[/caption]

I packed my rain jacket with a forecast for rain, and sure enough it
started coming down not long after we had left at 7:30.  I caught up to
the front group, and as it started to really come down, four of us took
off.  It was pretty flat to start, and we were going a solid 25mph on
the flats and 22mph uphill! The rain coming off the rear wheels in front
of us got us all completely soaked, and it was actually pretty hard to
see, but we kept hammering.

The rain started to clear up after awhile, and we had gone over 20 miles
by 8:30 and at 29 miles, we decided to call the van driver to see where
he was, because by my estimate we would be done with the ride by 10:10
if we held that pace. Derrick said he was at about mile 23, so we waited
at a nice spot for lunch for him to get there for 15 minutes, and at 9
we unpacked the van.  Lindsey and Scott are both hurting, Scott's knee
is bothering him and Lindsey threw out her hip after tripping on a wire
the first day, so they were riding in the van too.

Our average for that first leg of riding was just under 22, in the
pouring rain and it was definitely not flat haha.  Jesse was pulling
super hard towards the end, he's really strong.

[caption id="attachment\_556" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Jesse after our lunch stop, we had mostly dried
off"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/03_jesse-200x300.jpg "03_jesse")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/03_jesse.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_557" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And then lunch got
there!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/04_lunch-300x200.jpg "04_lunch")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/04_lunch.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_558" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="We had the pleasure of unloading it
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/05_trailer-300x200.jpg "05_trailer")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/05_trailer.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_559" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Lindsey, miss photogenic!
"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/06_lindsey-200x300.jpg "06_lindsey")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/06_lindsey.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_560" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Everyone at
lunch"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/07_lunch2-300x200.jpg "07_lunch2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/07_lunch2.jpg)[/caption]

I waited around awhile at lunch....since there was really no rush to get
to the host before the van haha and we had seen the last of the rain.  I
spent about two hours at lunch altogether helping Noah with his rear
brake.  I thought about it, and I like riding fast but it's really
pretty much a waste of effort since there is no reason to get to our
destination before noon lol.

The rain jacket I packed stayed strapped onto my saddlebag the whole
time, even through the pouring rain because we were riding so hard, I
was warm and didn't really mind being soaked.  That thing takes up so
much space...I thought that I might as well just mail it home, but there
will probably be days that I'll be glad to have it.

I set out with a group after awhile, and after a little while I got to
talking with Jen and didn't watch my effort and we had ridden away from
the group we were with, but we kept going and decided to just catch onto
the next one.  But, when I saw this town I had to stop!

[caption id="attachment\_561" align="aligncenter" width="209"
caption="Had to take this picture for Kaity
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/08_mckenney-209x300.jpg "08_mckenney")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/08_mckenney.jpg)[/caption]

We caught up with the small group in front at an ice cream shop, and Jen
(different Jen) gave me the rest of her ice cream that she couldn't
finish, score!! I really wanted the double chili cheeseburger so I had
to hold myself back lol but not really.

After that, Jesse and Noah and I rode at a pace comfortable for the
whole larger group (12 riders?) but that's not like slow or anything,
just not hammering away haha.  The sun had come out strong and the rest
of the ride was a lot of fun talking and riding.

[caption id="attachment\_566" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Lily pads along the way! Photo courtesy of
Allyson"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/lily_pads-300x225.jpg "lily_pads")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/lily_pads.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_568" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Here's a picture of my goood side haha, Photo courtesy of
Allyson"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/my_good_side-300x225.jpg "my_good_side")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/my_good_side.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_567" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="With the disco stick!! Photo courtesy of
Allyson"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/disco_stick-300x225.jpg "disco_stick")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/disco_stick.jpg)[/caption]

We got into the  military base with our driver's licenses, but little
did we know that our barracks is in the middle of freaking nowhere in
the woods 8 miles out in this huge base lol.

[caption id="attachment\_569" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Our barracks! Photo courtesy of
Allyson"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/barracks-300x225.jpg "barracks")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/barracks.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_562" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="My sweet
room!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/10_room-300x200.jpg "10_room")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/10_room.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_563" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="My stuff all laid out, I think it's decreasing in
amount!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/11_stuff-300x200.jpg "11_stuff")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/11_stuff.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_564" align="aligncenter" width="200" caption="I
caught Scott taking a quick nap before we got here
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/12_scott-200x300.jpg "12_scott")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/12_scott.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_565" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="My makeshift computer setup, Jesse and I plugged in the router
we found and with his Linux skills, we soon had internet! The National
Gaurd's internet security is no match for Jesse either
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/13_setup-300x200.jpg "13_setup")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/13_setup.jpg)[/caption]

The dinner crew is out now at wal-mart., and I'm about to go get a
shower!
