Title: Oberlin, KS
Date: 2010-06-25 16:49
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: oberlin-ks

Today was a nice, very hot, 70 mile ride into Oberlin.  We enjoyed nice
roads all the way here, and a tailwind for the first 20 miles, then
fought the heat and headwind into town.  I splurged a little today and
got a cone of ice cream during lunch at DQ, and got a root beer float at
A&W in Oberlin, they're \$.99 on Friday! Riding with Aileen for the
first time was really nice, getting to knoew her better was nice.  We
were the first ones into lunch, and I took a nap haha so I was like the
last to leave.

To make the miles go by after lunch we shared stories about how we got
to know our gf/bfs and that was fun hearing from people.  There wasn't
too much to see for scenery on the ride today, the beauty of the
flatness and farm fields is waning haha.  Showers were great (a perfect
cool temperature) and I'm about to take a nap!

I don't think I got too many pics today but here's what I got haha:

[caption id="attachment\_1105" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Mark and Derrick enjoying the teeter totter at lunch
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/0013-300x200.jpg "001")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/0013.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1107" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Lunch! Looks the same every day haha, Alyson did find a nice
park
though"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/0033-300x200.jpg "003")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/0033.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1106" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And apparently our lunch spot was also halfway to the Denver
gold fields back in the day
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/0021-300x200.jpg "002")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/0021.jpg)[/caption]

I'd also like to wish a happy 20th birthday to one Lindz Forte!! You're
getting old haha.

Thanks for reading y'all.
