Title: VT MTB Race
Date: 2010-09-06 09:28
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: vt-mtb-race

This past weekend I participated in most of our home mountain bike (MTB)
race, and it was awesome.

It started out early Saturday morning with an uphill time trial (race
against the clock up a mountain) up a trail called "Old Farm."  It's
still hard for me to imagine how it's possible to ride the 2 miles up
the side of this mountain without having to get off the bike, but
apparently it is.  There are huge roots and boulders with steep grade up
to them and after them, that maybe someday I'll have the guts to attempt
riding up them haha. So it was partly a running race as well, and I
finished middle of the pack.  Immediately following the timed uphill
race is a timed downhill race back down it...but I got a flat barely
into it and ruined the tire on the back, which was a bummer.  I walked
back up to the top and caught a ride down with Ben W.  The next event
was the dual slalom, but I skipped on it and went home to get a new
tire, some tubes and see Lauren before the Short Track under the lights
that night.

The short track race is a \<1 mile loop for 20 minutes, with some
sections of rock and tight turns out through the VT rec fields, and
whoever can get the most laps in that time wins.  There were about 30 of
us in the race and after a sprint to the course, this guy with a green
jersey, who had won the uphill in men's C (my category), was a little
bit ahead of Jan and I.  We rode hard for what seemed like a long time,
myself going back and forth with Jan in 2nd and 3rd.  Problem was that
with the tight corners, it was hard to go much faster than we already
were on the course, and through the whole race weren't able to make up
much time on green jersey guy.  Ben W was going to give me his
sunglasses if I won...but by the end of the 20 minutes I had to settle
for 2nd place after attacking Jan on the last lap.  Lauren had come out
to watch the race, and I was really happy to get second with her there
watching too.  Talking with Nick and John after the race got me even
more excited for road season this year haha.

[caption id="attachment\_1610" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Number two! Look at that VT
ownage"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/IMG_20100904_211730-300x224.jpg "IMG_20100904_211730")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/IMG_20100904_211730.jpg)[/caption]

That was it for Saturday, I was super tired and just read a little bit
before going to bed...lame haha but I had a race to get ready for the
next day! Sunday morning I barely woke up in time to get out to the
cross country (XC) race, which was a 10 mile course out in the Jefferson
National Forest on the Poverty Creek Trail System.  I remembered how
hard the course was last year, but for some reason thought that I was
better now haha.  We started with a quarter mile on a gravel road before
hitting the single track, and I put in a little effort and hit the
single track with a lead on the whole field.  Into the woods on Poverty
Creek was fun, it's a hilly but not too technical trail and Matt Londrey
and Jan caught up to me.  I rode hard ahead of them for a while, and we
had to be getting pretty far away from everybody by the time we hit the
technical stuff.  Having read "it's not about the bike' this summer,
after I couldn't shift into my small ring, and couldn't clip in with my
left foot....I soon realized that out in the woods on a MTB....it often
is about the bike.  My left cleat came loose off of my shoe, and I had
to stop to try to fix it.  By the time I got the dirt out of the screws
and got the cleat back in though, everyone had caught up and passed.
 Well, there went my race...I tried to ride hard for awhile, but by then
trail was getting the best of me.  Prickly Pear is the name of it, and
it's rough haha.  It's basically like trying to ride through baby head
sized rocks up the side of a mountain, then back down, and again and
again.  My right cleat came loose as well, this time as I stopped and
tried to clip out, just the shoe turned so I fell right onto my side in
a pricker bush...and was still pulling them out of my arm last night
haha.  I somehow managed to finish, outsprinting a UVA guy at the
finish! I was pretty let down by having mechanical failures put the nail
in the coffin for my race...but that's MTB'ing.  Turns out that I wasn't
the only one who had trouble, I didn't even hear of a person whose bike
didn't break in some way on the stuff.

After the race, I got Stephan to give me a ride back to my car which I
had parked at the top of the service road because it was so rough on my
car that I just stopped and rode my MTB the four miles to the start of
the race.  A bunch of us met up at Moe's and I finally used the last of
my Moe's Money from the crew 5k freshman year haha.  The burrito I got
was huge and delicious, and after endless nachos I was stuffed.  Sunday
night Dave, James and I fired up the charcoal grill and grilled Filet
Mignon for dinner, with steamed sweet corn as a side and it was a really
good! We watched Thank You For Smoking and then played some guitar hero
before I called it a night.

Altogether it was a great weekend, I realized how tough racing MTB's can
be regardless of fitness (and how expensive because they always break),
managed to give back the pump and multi-tool I borrowed to their proper
owners and get a tube back from the guy I gave my spare to during the
race, and hopefully my ankle heals quick.  Next weekend's race is at W&M
and VCU, I think I might go!

[caption id="attachment\_1609" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Also thought I'd throw in this pic of my SRAM shifter
completely disassembled, it came apart pretty easily
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/IMG_20100902_140341-300x224.jpg "IMG_20100902_140341")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/IMG_20100902_140341.jpg)[/caption]
