Title: Pinedale, and JACKSON Wyoming!
Date: 2010-07-14 01:49
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: pinedale-and-jackson-wyoming

These past two riding days have been challenging and beautiful, and
today's day off in Jackson was great.

[caption id="attachment\_1323" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Wyoming!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wyoming-200x300.jpg "wyoming")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wyoming.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1321" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="A couple days ago, after a good 5mi
climb!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/pass-200x300.jpg "pass")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/pass.jpg)[/caption]

Going to Pinedale, home of the Mountain Man and the Mountain Man Museum,
was a 101 mile day and a strong headwind for the second half of the ride
made for a long 7 hours on the saddle. On the ride, it seemed as if we
came out of the desert into the Rockies again. On our right for most of
the day were the Wind River Range of the Rockies, and ahead of us in the
distance stood the jagged snowcaps of the Teton Range. It was a Sunday,
and we had just missed out on the Mountain Man festival taking place
that weekend, but did get to see some PC (Period Correct) horse and
buggies leaving town as we came in. Perhaps the most interesting thing I
learned was that mountain men (how many times can I type that) didn't
actually have big beards like my own, but rather clean shaven so as to
resemble their customers, Native Americans.  
I spent most of the night doing the group's laundry, it was my turn on
trailer crew and with Heather and Jen we did 31 people's laundry from
three days in less than two hours. We still got to see the sunset, which
was very pretty and by the time we got back, I had just enough time to
clean my bike before going to bed for the night.

Coming into Jackson Hole I rode with my team for the photo scavenger
hunt, and Sharif was sweep so our team stuck with him and we did a sort
of "group sweep."  The ride in came up to the rim, and then down through
the Hoback Canyon to Jackson Hole.  It was a beautiful ride, next to the
river in the canyon was perfect.  There was a 5-6mi section of really
rough dirt/gravel, and it got my bike all dirty after I just cleaned it
last night :( and the headwind coming into town was sooo strong, that
canyon was  like a wind tunnel, but after a second 7 hour ride we
prevailed.  Our host is the Ambler family, who heard about us through
their church and has put us up for four years now.  Their house is
beautiful, next to rolling pasture with cattle and horses and right
below the Teton Mtns.

[caption id="attachment\_1319" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="So
dirty...."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/dirtybike-300x200.jpg "dirtybike")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/dirtybike.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1325" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The Hoback River on the way
in"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/DSC03694-300x225.jpg "DSC03694")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/DSC03694.jpg)[/caption]

On our day off, I got to sleep in which was excellent, then take a van
ride through the park to see BISON!  Jackson is really cool town with
shops and outfitters and a cool brewery and bike store.  I got some cool
stuff including a new cycling cap, a glass, a camping hat, and bandanna
to keep my neck out of the sun.

[caption id="attachment\_1318" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Bison!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/bison2-300x200.jpg "bison2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/bison2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1320" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Look how huge they
are..."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/huge-300x200.jpg "huge")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/huge.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1317" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Yeahh"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/bison-300x200.jpg "bison")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/bison.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1324" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Kristen under the antler arch in
town"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/antlers-300x200.jpg "antlers")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/antlers.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1322" align="aligncenter" width="156"
caption="Look how far we've
come!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/route_tracket.jpg "route_tracket")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/route_tracket.jpg)[/caption]
