Title: To Dillwyn VA!
Date: 2010-05-24 19:14
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: to-dillwyn-va

Our forth day of biking in a row, I passed the discostick on to Jesse
for being so modest about how strong of cyclist he is this whole time
and for hacking into the army's network to give everyone internet last
night!

Today was a lot of major, busy roads so not that much exciting happened
on the road...I rode with Mark till lunch, we rode real fast for awhile,
it was gravy! For lunch I had an organic peanut butter, cream cheese,
jelly, and a nutrigrain bar in my super PBJ, not quite as intense as
yesterday but we were low on bread and that was all I could find haha,
it was reallly good though.

I went with Mark's gatorade mix for today's electrolytes, it has been
gaining some hype and I'm not really lovin the mixes that I brought.  I
finished both of my bottles twice (before and after lunch) and that was
definitely a record so I think I'm going to stick with the gatorade!

Riding into town, we had been riding real hard and saw a McDonalds that
was too tempting to pass up haha.  I could've very easily eaten
everything on the dollar menu (the "dollar menu challenge" that we were
talking about last night haha) but I only got some fries and a
mc-chicken.  When we got to the church, which was refreshingly close to
downtown after the 8 miles into the military base last night haha, all
of our gear was already unloaded which was nice, but there is NO room to
sleep tonight, it is going to be *tight*!

Day 4 of my personal push up goal was another success, I put in 60
push-ups and then I went on a cool down run with Sarah who has been
running every day after biking!  In between there I got in some good
stretching as well, I have been  stretching a lot this trip and I think
I can already feel that I'm more flexible.  I was pretty cooked
physically after all of this, needless to say haha, and hiked over the
pastor's house for a refreshingly cold hose shower lol.  Dinner crew was
out buying supplies during that time, and not long after I got back we
had an AWESOME meal of tacos! It was good...something for Taco Tuesday
to aspire to next year for sure.

Since then we've been tossing around a frisbee and painting the van, and
I've been practicing the guitar (I learned six chords last night and now
I'm just trying to get quicker switching between them!).

To reflect on the trip as a whole, everything has been going awesome!!
Biking has been great, I have been able to help out a ton of people with
their bikes and setting up wordpress blogs haha. It really couldn't be
going any better!

I have some pictures, not a lot, but I'm using Scott's tethered internet
so I'll try to get those up tomorrow when we get to Charlottesville!
