Title: Sustainability, and Virginia Tech
Date: 2010-04-08 03:54
Author: andyreagan
Category: Sustainability
Slug: sustainability-and-virginia-tech

Slightly disappointed today with my last post and the direction my blog
is going in there (minute by minute updates) I'm going to re-focus more
on issues, thoughts, and cooler stuff that I do.  I don't really think
anyone cares what I did at 4:54 PM yesterday... So today, I reflect on
the ideas surrounding sustainability and where I go to school, Tech.

#### What is sustainability, really?

Well, when you think about "sustainable,"what are your first
associations? (answering a question with a question haha). I would
venture a guess that most people think of "being green," priuses, and
buying food labelled "organic."  I really don't know though. What I can
say is that less than 10% of Americans think the environment is
American's biggest problem right now (most go with economy).

So, when I say sustainable, I mean things are closed cycle, socially
just, and community-oriented.  Most people would say (I hope) that we
live in the most advanced society ever, but I can't say with certainty
that as a nation we are happier or more fulfilled than ever before.  Are
the reasons that underly this human nature, and that we are stricken
with some human condition that leads us to fight wars and torture
people. even though we can create ununseptium (newest element, got made
just a few days ago I think)? Again, a question that I can't answer.  So
more or less, sustainable design to me uses the breadth of human
knowledge to create communities that self-reliant, fulfilling, and
pleasant to live in.  "Going without" doesn't have anything to do with
what I consider to be green, unless that without is referring to
McDonald's of course haha, but rather the sustainability movement with
which I associate myself encompasses all areas of life, taking on more
than just the purely environmental challenges of society, recognizing
where we have failed and relying again on our knowledge and our belief
system to engineer a better future.  Hopefully this is clearer with some
examples.

#### What it all comes back to

Examining in depth the issues which confront the environment and
America, and looking for a more sustainable solution, the problems can
all be said to stem from the way in which we design spaces **[the built
environment]**, and how many people we're building that for
**[population]**.  And the third leg of sustainability, what we value
socially, morally and religiously [**core values**].

##### The built environment

Working with alternative transportation, and how Blacksburg and other
cities are designed (not so much designed, but more or less have
fallen), and examining other issues as well has reinforced my belief
that our very need for transportation over long distances (20 miles to
work every day, 5 miles to the grocery store, and 7 miles to go hang out
with Bob) every day is a *failure* of design.  Electric vehicles,
partnered with clean energy generation, have the potential to reduce
green house gas emissions from such trips...but should that be the end
goal?  Coming to college, it has been an unbelievably awesome experience
to live in the same building as 800 of my peers. being so connected with
something always to do, yet most American's dream of suburbia where they
have their own house, isolated from the social interaction possible in a
dormitory.

I propose instead that we design cities that are walkable, bike-able,
and are connected cultural centers where people can live, work, and play
at the same time.  Sounds dreamy, but really it's just denser living
which completely eliminates the need for elaborate, and inefficient,
modes of transportation.  Tech has sprawled over the years, and for most
people it is unreasonable to walk to classes from their apartment or
house, and that is a shame, and is a result of community design.

I'll have to leave with that, but hopefully more on the population and
values aspects later!
