Title: April Fools!
Date: 2010-04-01 20:19
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life, General updates
Slug: april-fools

So, I got pretty owned for April fools...

I was up late at 2am finishing an essay, and Chris Brown sent out an
email to the listserv saying that he was tired of having all this extra
triathlon team clothing, and was just putting the whole box outside,
first come first serve.

Desperately looking for a break from the computer screen, I hopped on my
bike and rode the two miles out to his house.  It was pitch black, and a
crisp but warm night, without a car in sight.  The ride was really nice.

When I got there, I found a giant cardboard box with a flap on the
front, labeled "Free Swag" and so I opened it, to find a *DEAD ANIMAL*.

Luckily, Chris heard me and came out, and I had brought his bibs so I
gave them to him. He laughed a little, as I was the first person to come
at 2am haha, and out of sympathy, ended up giving me a shirt. Wearing
the shirt today, I convinced two people that there was still free stuff
and to go check it out haha.

#### Wednesday Worlds

In case you've never heard, every Wednesday (except winter) the
Blacksburg and VT cycling community comes together for a mock race ride
at 5:30! It's race pace, which is crushing when the likes of [John
Delong](http://www.johndelong.us/) (ex-pro) is hitting it hard.  But I
went to give it a try, my knee was feeling good again, after going on a
hilly ride with Greg Pfister Tuesday.

The ride started out good, I was wearing the [full Tech
kit](http://tweetphoto.com/16579718), which had come in at 3PM! The
group only half made it through a stop-light, and the other half just
blew it except for me and two other people who put on the brakes...so
even before the ride we had to TT up to the group.

The ride splits into two and the "b" group gets a 5 minute head start on
the "a" group.  I rode with the b's and it was too fast for a lot of
people who dropped off, but we got a pretty solid paceline going and
although I tried to speed it up, we only held a pretty moderate pace.  I
did a pretty solid share of work, more than i ever do in real races, and
didn't realize that there was a sprint at the end so I just rolled the
midway sprint in 4th haha.  At which point, we turned around, and had
actually beat the a's there!!

After the A's got there, this guy Andrew and Zach Morry rode off, and I
sprinted up to them, and then it was just us and [Nick
Shoemaker](http://fiddleharpa.wordpress.com) off to the races to the
finish on the way back! It was super fast, I pulled super hard, and this
part was a lot of fun.  I didn't they were going to catch us at all it
took so long, we stayed out for like 10 miles, and finally Reid blew by
us.  I put the hammer down and chased down Reid, at which point Andrew
attacked and my legs were doneski.  We were at the base of Harding by
that point, and I was cooked from being in the break so long...so I just
took it real easy up the hill, although my knees starting hurting bad
about halfway up the hill.

I overdid it a little I think, but don't think I've ever rode much
harder, and it was a great workout!

##### A new mini-pledge

So another thing that I've noticed is that I've become really skinny
from all this cycling business, and that's really my natural build...so
I started on Wednesday my goal of *DOING A PUSHUP FOR EVERY MILE I
RIDE*.  That was 40 pushups on Wedensday, and the results aren't huge
yet, but it'll be a good goal for this summer when I'm doing 100 mile
days haha.

I've also unsuccessfully tried to go to bed at 12 every night this
week....very unsuccessfully and with a test tomorrow that I know none
of, and just got an email saying he will not be giving us any formulas
on, doesn't look like I'll be getting my 8 hours tonight either.

Lots of other stuff going on, but it's hard to type up my life lol! I'm
going to try to post every day this month though!
