Title: West Virginia: Marlinton --> Summersville --> Charleston --> Huntington
Date: 2010-06-01 17:34
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: west-virginia-marlinton-summersville-charleston-huntington

The past few days have been awesome, although I haven't had internet
access so I haven't been able to keep up the blog every day, so now I
shall attempt to cover four days!! I'm going to try to remember as much
as I can, and go in chronological order.  A quick summary would be that
we have climbed and descended the Appalachian mountains which has been
both challenging and rewarding, I got to see Jean and we ate more,
excellent food! I'm still waiting on some pictures that are on other
people's cameras too haha, namely at the WV border, the top of Black
Mtn...and idk some others lol.

#### Marlinton, WV

Our second day out of Charlottesville, after the extremely hilly ride to
Lexington, we crossed into WV and I was on sweep for the day.  Two
riders are sweeping every day, I get to do it four times total, and
sweep's job is to ride behind the last riders to make sure that everyone
makes it in for the day, carrying an extra tire and lots of
encouragement!  This was probably one of the toughest days that we will
have, especially to sweep, since people's legs were dead from the huge
day prior and there were some very unrelenting hills.  But my gearing
caught up with me a lot, and it was hard to keep a good cadence up some
of the grades.  Climbing out of the saddle at 3-5mph slowed my cadence
to 30rpm, equal to a full pedalstroke every two seconds (death slow)!

[caption id="attachment\_660" align="aligncenter" width="200" caption="A
cool suspension bridge we found on the
way"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bridge-200x300.jpg "bridge")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bridge.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_661" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Jolly Jesse again drinking his jar of honey lol when we stopped
at that
bridge"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/jesse_b-200x300.jpg "jesse_b")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/jesse_b.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_666" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="My fellow sweepers were awesome
:)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sweepers-300x200.jpg "sweepers")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sweepers.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_665" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Still in
VA..."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/spelling_anyone-300x200.jpg "spelling_anyone")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/spelling_anyone.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_667" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Our view from lunch! Kristen and I took a break to let the
others go ahead, the view was just
awesome"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/lunch_vew-300x200.jpg "lunch_vew")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/lunch_vew.jpg)[/caption]

We caught up to the other riders pretty quickly still after our half
hour break, probably because of the speed we took some of the climbs at,
Kristen was doing awesome.  And there are pictures of us all crossing
the border, but it was raining and we were in a hurry so I left my
camera covered up haha.  I was worried for awhile that we wouldn't make
it into the host by dinner, it started to rain, and there
was supposedly a huge climb left.  When we got to that climb, I went on
up (my knees could no longer take the slow hills at low cadence) and it
was only a mile! So I came back down, helped the others up as much as I
could (gave Heather a push lol) and it started pouring as we made it to
the top but it was 5PM and we only had 12 miles left so it was good.

I pulled into town, and when we took a rest at the town sign, a man
pulled up in his car and got out with a big camera.  He asked if we were
Bike and Build and we told him yes of course, and he wanted to take our
picture for the Marlinton town paper! He took our picture there, and
went ahead of us into town to take our picture as we rode in.  That was
pretty awesome timing.

When we got into town, we celebrated for the camera and were excited to
be there....but little did we know that "take a right turn and two-three
miles to *Mount View* church" was going to be so far and up a massive
climb...and that last climb was pretty tough after the false finish.
 But we made it there, had awesome showers on site, and they had put
together one of the best meals yet.  The peanut butter fudge was just
awesome, and there was more food than I knew what I could do with.  We
ended up taking a lot with us for lunch.

Turns out the pastor was a bass player in their church band, and on our
group we have an awesome guitarist (two), a drums players, some great
singers and so we went upstairs to the santuary and jammed with the
whole group for a few hours.  I got up and sang some gospel songs I knew
with everyone, and Will who is our awesome guitarist and singer ended
the night to an excellent rendition of Country Roads, it was great.

#### Summersville, WV

Biking to Summersville was another very hilly day, the third very hilly
day in a row and it was beginning to take it's toll on me as well.  My
right knee was occasionally pretty sore when I was pedaling, so I tried
hard to keep my cadence up as much as possible up the hills.  There were
5 sizable climbs, the most incredible was a 5 mile uphill, after another
decent hill and all false uphill leading to it, and it was pretty
brutal.  Up and up we went, to 4,500ft!!  The descent was pretty epic as
well, but it was all up and down hills still.  We were on WV-150 which
was a scenic parkway for most of it, and it was really nice riding.

[caption id="attachment\_668" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Emily and some of the gentle uphill
road"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/emily_and_the_road-300x200.jpg "emily_and_the_road")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/emily_and_the_road.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_669" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="We actually climbed above the clouds I think haha, and it was
another awesome
view"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/cloud_ocean-300x200.jpg "cloud_ocean")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/cloud_ocean.jpg)[/caption]

#### Charleston, WV

Biking into Charleston felt downhill, and although it was 77 miles
didn't seem to take too long at all!  I beat out the massive downpour by
all of 10 seconds haha, and I felt great after the day of riding.
 Showers were right across the street and I got to take one as soon as I
got there, which was reallly nice to clean right up.

[caption id="attachment\_673" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Across from our lunch stop, there were all sorts of ducks,
rabbits, horses, sheep,
dogs...haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/ducks-300x200.jpg "ducks")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/ducks.jpg)[/caption]

Jean came down from Parkersburg to meet me there, and it was really
great seeing her there.  She ate dinner with us and got to meet some of
the group, and see us sort of "in-action" which was cool.  My BnB
cronies said she enjoyed talking with her, and that was pretty much it
for the night there.  Sharif did make a bet that I couldn't eat the
three pounds of spaghetti on my plate, and oh did he lose that lol.

[caption id="attachment\_674" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Ice cream!! Got some DQ on the way (choc milkshake of
course)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/ice_cream-300x200.jpg "ice_cream")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/ice_cream.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_675" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The room that we ate and slept
in"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/church-300x200.jpg "church")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/church.jpg)[/caption]

#### Huntington, WV

Today was the shortest of this whole segment, at 50 miles, and no
mountains!  We decided to check out the capital building in Charleston
before heading out, but didn't find the downtown.  The capital building
is awesome. I definitely ate too much pasta the night before and was
feeling a bit sluggish on the ride.  Pix of the capitol:

[caption id="attachment\_677" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The
memorial"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol2-300x200.jpg "capitol2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_676" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Capitol building from the
side"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol1-200x300.jpg "capitol1")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol1.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_678" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Inside of the memorial was beautiful and
sad"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol3-300x200.jpg "capitol3")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol3.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_679" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Pretty awesome
building..."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol4-300x200.jpg "capitol4")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol4.jpg)[/caption]

We got free, fresh (watched them bake and glaze) Krispy Kreme donuts,
ate three and those slowed me down as well haha.  The riding today
seemed to take forever, probably because of the headwind and I was glad
to be done with the day.  But it started to turn around when we got to
the town, went to a really cool bike shop, and got to take a \*free\*
cooking lesson in Jamie Oliver's food revolution kitchen!! We stopped
there at 1:30, and they had two spots open at 2! We told them about Bike
and Build (we were still pretty sweaty) and normally they ask for \$10
to cover the food (all top-quality) and the lesson but then the other
people came in for the lesson and they were like "OMG we saw you guys on
TV!!" and we felt famous and they told us we didn't need to pay when we
were leaving! We learned how to make four different dressings (not
hard!), a different potato salad (delicious) and learned how to make a
cucumber salad and actually all got to make one! It was all so good,
although our vegan-edition was a little too tart for my taste haha.

[caption id="attachment\_681" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="It looked modest
outside"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kitchen2-200x300.jpg "kitchen2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kitchen2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_680" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="It was super nice inside, all stainless and
awesome"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kitchen-300x200.jpg "kitchen")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kitchen.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_682" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Jesse and Scott with their
salads"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kitchen3-300x200.jpg "kitchen3")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kitchen3.jpg)[/caption]

And then we ate dinner donated by Jimmy Johns (free food galore...)
which was good, and we went out to check out the town and I called and
talked to Lauren on our *9th month*!! After people got ice cream and
books haha and I had talked to Lauren :) we went over to a park which
was really nice.

[caption id="attachment\_685" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Really nice fountain at the entrance, relieving after walking
through some less than wealthy neighborhoods to get
there"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/fountai-300x200.jpg "fountai")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/fountai.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_686" align="aligncenter" width="300" caption="I
played with some kids there
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kids-300x200.jpg "kids")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kids.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_687" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And we found they had a nice rose garden, I love this
pic"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/krysten-300x200.jpg "krysten")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/krysten.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_688" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Love this pic too, so pretty
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/flowers-300x200.jpg "flowers")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/flowers.jpg)[/caption]

Annnd we walked back to the church and I've spend an hour trying to
organize photos and differentiate all that I've done for the past for
days! Haha I hope you enjoyed reading, tomorrow we head to Ohio!  There
are too many smaller little anecdotes than I can remember or put down
now, hopefully I won't go another three days without internet haha :-P
