Title: NC State Race Weekend
Date: 2010-02-15 20:35
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: nc-state-race-weekend

On the whole, it was a successful weekend.

The drive down Friday went quick, and the dinner at the McDonnell's was
superb as always.  The ice cream cake did not dissappoint.

It started snowing Friday night, and it wasn't long before the races
were delayed by two hours the next day...and when I got waken up at 8AM,
they were cancelled.

But we still got out for a solid 40 mile ride, going out around NC and
then back into Chapel Hill.  It was a pretty cool city and nice
campus...but still not as nice as tech haha, their Franklin street was
sick though.

### Race day:

My race was at 4 on Sunday, so I took some pictures of the other riders,
and hung out in the van trying to stay warm.  By the time our race
rolled around though, it had warmed up to the low 40's and sunny!
Definitely the best conditions of the day for the Men's C's.

The race went well, I used some strategy and didn't let myself get any
further back than 10th, and basically just hung in.  There were some
breaks that I had to chase along with...and before I knew it on the last
lap (4th 7mi lap of 4) we were down to a group of 18 riders.
 Unfortunately, due to some very very poor planning on my part, I hadn't
drank much water all day lounging around, and had only taken half a
bottle with me which I didn't really get a chance to drink.  Guess it
never caught up with me in D's because our races weren't that long, but
with about 3mi to go, I was feeling fine, but my legs started cramping
so bad that I couldn't straighten them! So I basically coasted the last
bit, passing one kid who crashed out hard, and took my 18th place.  Of
54, that's not so bad.  And as I found out, I was the only Tech rider to
actually finish all four laps! We had some pretty elaborate strategy
mapped out too haha...dang.  But I'm sure we'll get it in gear, and
although we had no points to show in Men's C for this race, I'm not too
worried, I felt strong.  I'm going to take it as a lesson to hydrate
before races...and never do that again!

An excellent dinner in Chapel Hill at Armadillos with a tasty Fat Tire,
and we were on our way back.  Idk what took so long, but we didn't get
back till 11PM! So I got to see Lauren for an hour of V-day, and we're
going to get dinner on Friday! (since we're driving down Sat morning to
Wake Forest, and I'm pumped!!).

Really can't wait for the prologue this coming weekend, the RR, and the
Crit!  A real weekend, should be a real test.

Full race results and schedule is available via Ben Warren at
[acccycling.org](http://www.acccycling.org)!
