Title: I Biked Across The Country Today
Date: 2010-07-31 11:31
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: i-biked-across-the-country-today

That’s right, we did it.  All 31 riders of CUS 2010 ran frantically into
the icy Pacific Ocean upon our arrival in Cannon Beach as a group.  We
danced, screamed, cheered, did the hakka, and popped champagne in the
ocean with so much adrenaline we couldn’t even feel how cold the water
was.  After this, we hugged our parents and I am super glad that my Mom
and Aunt Becky (and Sonya and Olivia) were able to come see me complete
this journey.  And we concluded this celebration with the ceremonial
wheel dip into the ocean.  My rear wheel went in the Atlantic 2.5 months
ago, and I literally rode my Kazane into the water today.  I’m going to
talk about the (uneventful) ride here, and go back to talk about the
past three days if I have time.

[caption id="attachment\_1435" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Riding into the
ocean!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_2085-300x200.jpg "IMG_2085")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_2085.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1433" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Mom and I
:)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_2117-300x200.jpg "IMG_2117")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_2117.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1434" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Bike and
buuuiiiiilllllldddd!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_2103-300x200.jpg "IMG_2103")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_2103.jpg)[/caption]

The ride here was again relatively uneventful, as we inched toward our
goal.  We set out with different strategies on how to ride today, as I
was super eager to complete the journey and arrive at the Pacific but
others wanted to savor this last ride for every second.  We were going
to ride into town and into the ocean as a group though, so those of us
readier to get to Cannon Beach had to wait for the others who chose to
take a two hour coffee break in the morning and ride real slow, which
was some of the toughest waiting, but we all got there.  It was
something like a 65 mile ride today, which could have been done by 10AM
any other day but we didn’t arrive at the beach until 4:30PM.  After two
months of working hard toward completing this one goal, I’m not sure I
can say fully what it means, because it hasn’t really sank in yet
entirely.  I rode Kazane clear across the country, coast to coast, mile
for mile.

Tonight, after we got back and showered (warmed up) we had a picnic with
other family and friends who had come to witness loved ones finish.  I
was super hungry, about 8 hours after my 10AM lunch, and we had cold cut
sandwhiches and tons of desserts, and good beer.  I wasn’t so much a fan
of the Inversion IPA, but would definitely recommend Alaskan Amber, of
which I saved a bottle cap for my bike.  We got to meet other rider’s
family which was great, our leaders spoke, and then we had a fire down
by the water.  My Mom and Aunt left after awhile, and I spent some more
last minutes with the CUS family over beer and these really cool
mini-hot-air-ballon wish things before hopping in the van to come back
to church for the night.  Everyone is asleep by this point I’m sure, and
I’ll be saying goodbyes tomorrow at Noah’s house in Portland…
