Title: A day in the life
Date: 2010-04-05 23:27
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing, College life, General updates
Slug: a-day-in-the-life

(of Andy Reagan) goes something like this:

1:00 AM going to sleep after getting back from a weekend at the beach
and getting settled

7:00 AM alarm goes off, but don't want to get up so put it on snooze

7:30 AM now too late for D2 breakfast or to wet shave, decide to sleep
for another 15 minutes

7:45 AM rush out of bed, get dressed and on the bike to head to to 8AM
class

7:46 AM start day 1 of my photo project, by taking a picture of myself
at arms lenght with the the "canon" at eye level. I plan to take them
daily for a few months and combine into a time lapse.  we shall see

7:53 AM get to class early!! brought the bike into class, came in the
back door and left the bike in the back of the room, but he's just
handing out tests until:

8:04 AM get my mass and energy balance test back and got a **100!** my
raw was a 96, and he curved the *class average 56* to a 62, so I got two
points added on to the last test since Blackboard (online grading
system) can only handle 100 lol

8:30 AM doodling in class, taking notes, and plan out my agenda for the
rest of the day

8:50 AM bike back to Lee, it's warmed up to like 70s. some guy walked
out in front of me and I locked my rear wheel hard and powerskidded
across the drillfield.  the near death experience wakes me up a little
more

8:55 AM back in the room, try to decide whether to get breakfast at d2
or hold out for lunch...the banana I ate in mass and energy will have to
suffice

8:57 AM open mail.andyreagan.com to 38 new emails...sweet!

9:15 AM after sorting and replying to tons of email, quite a few about
VT cycling jerseys :), decide to start on the [Vector Calc
HW](https://scholar.vt.edu/access/content/group/3b711cc8-ae2f-4ab9-8153-72d41f073404/Homework%20assignments%20and%20solutions)

9:20-11:20 work solid on the HW...learning a lot from the book and
txting some ppl to keep my busy.  waiting to see if Stephan responds so
I can go check out his MTB and to see if [Kieth
Shields](http://www.kdshields.com/) is at Tech so I could show him
around!

11:25 AM stephan responds, and so I hop on my bike to go out to Foxridge
to check out his MTB for sale, meet him at owens

11:30 AM on the way out to Foxridge to check out the bike, absolutely
beautiful day outside...I'm hungry though

11:40 AM riding the MTB around the parking lot...the brakes are pretty
iffy and the shifting isn't great. for \$200...idk, I tell Stephan I'll
think about it and let him know

12:00 PM back at campus, call Ruthie to see where she wants to meet,
which is Torg but we compromise at Owens so I can get food

12:05 PM bike tied outside owens, having brought my vector calc stuff
after I left Lee, head in to get food.  all the lines are pretty
long...so I just get pasta (no line!)

12:10 PM eating and waiting for Ruthie, she shows up after a little
while

12:20 PM she's gotten food, and we go over the HW problems that were the
most troublesome.  for once, the help is evenly spread I think

1:05 PM we finish up a pretty productive study session at owens, and I
head to Lee Hall to grab a VT shirt before heading to the engineering
open house

1:20 PM back to Lee, up to my room, back down and over to squires I
prepare to recruit prospective students into galileo

1:21 PM grab a [CT](http://www.collegiatetimes.com/) on the way in, and
the open house is actually pretty empty (not suprising since it's 85 and
sunny out).  I read pretty much the whole
[CT](http://www.collegiatetimes.com/)...some interesting stuff. it's not
very long.

2:15 PM after recruiting some freshman into Galileo, head to Vector Calc
class

2:20 PM the earliest i have ever been to this class, I start txting both
shields and Lauren and javier

2:30 PM dr floyd shows up right on time as always, and despite txting
the whole time, I had a front row seat and interacting with dr floyd a
lot during class, answering questions and i followed everything.
 probably the best class yet, understanding-wise, and no doubt in my
mind that it was from doing 3 hours of HW for that class during the
day...my blood was running with surface integrals

3:30 PM get an email that I got a package, always exciting!

3:45 PM class actually ran all the way today, for like the first time,
and I hop back on the bike to go see how Lauren is doing

3:50 PM she's not feeling well and has a lot of work to do today, never
a good combination, and is trying to relax under a tree on the
drillfield before her 4PM class, I walk with her to class

4PM head to owen's mailroom to pick up my package, sure enough it's a
big one from Amazon! so tempted to open it...

4:05 PM go wait at the chapel for people who didn't get my email about
changing the time of the SAYG ride I posted from 4:15PM to 5:15PM so
that [Brett](http://mydailyground.com) could come.  I sit in the
beautiful day and open the package, and put the tail lights together.
 altogether the box includes three tail lights, lauren's helmet, her
speedometer, a front bike light, my new cyclocomputer, and I'm sure some
other stuff i forgot about.

4:18 PM will massey shows up, and I tell him about the change of time.
 I think he headed out for a ride anyway, nbd, i just didn't want to
leave anybody stranded

4:30 PM back to Lee and up in the room, begin getting ready for my ride
and putting away some of the stuff I got.  I go to put the cyclocomputer
on, but want to take my time and do it right and don't really have time
before the ride

5:00 PM Lauren comes up after her class to take a nap, where she won't
sleep too long

5:05 PM Hayden comes to my room, and we pump up his tires and head over
to the chapel for the ride. I wake up Lauren before we leave...

5:17 PM [Brett](http://mydailyground.com) shows up to the ride...and we
wait for about two more minutes but no one shows.  Head out tom's creek
rd to do the regular SAYG loop.  the sun has gone away a little....and
rain is threatening but we go regardless

5:45 PM a beautiful overcast condition to ride in (serious haha),
[Brett](http://mydailyground.com) outsprints me to a town sign right
before we get onto the [Huck](http://www.huckleberrytrail.org/)

5:55 PM starts to rain pretty good on the trail...but we're not on
roads, and we won't melt so
[nbd](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=nbd)

6:00 PM the rain turns to small hail, and it hurts!! we take refuge
under 460

<http://www.twitvid.com/player/CKCLG>

6:05 PM we venture out again, but the hail starts coming even harder and
luckily theres another small tunnel right ahead

6:10 PM soaking wet, the hail starts getting bigger and bigger, and wind
begins to pick up, blowing it straight through the tunnel! freezing cold
and getting pelted with golf balls of hail, having to yell to hear Brett
or Hayden...it's crazy!

[caption id="attachment\_349" align="aligncenter" width="226"
caption="It was crazy!! the chunks were
huge"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/Capture-226x300.jpg "hail")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/Capture.jpg)[/caption]

6:20 PM we venture on...and make it back.  the clouds clear completely
and it's back to warm sunshine! hayden and I head back to the dorms and
then straight to d2

6:30 PM David Lynch joins on his birthday and we eat a glorious feast at
Dietrick 2. (no one actually knows what d2 really stands for).

7:25 PM check mail on the way back, and my MTB pedals are in the
mailbox!! along with 5 letters which are presumably for cycling
clothing.  I'm feeling popular haha

7:40 PM do some cycling stuff, think about what we can talk about, about
the website, at the meeting and draft a few new designs on paper

8:15 PM cycling meeting is pretty chill, don't do a whole lot....

9:00 PM get ice cream at Deets with
[Reid](http://bigwatts.blogspot.com/), Ben Rice, [Jacob
Aber](http://bspt-jacob.blogspot.com/), Tyler, Zach Morrey, and [Nick
S](http://fiddleharpa.wordpress.com/)...cookies and cream heaven

10:00 PM back at the dorm room, clean off the bike and put on the new
speedometer, carefully taking my time.  the head unit is tiny, I really
like it. I'm pretty interested to see what my cadence is like on the
road...

11:00 PM head down to Lauren's room to say goodnight...talk for a little
while.  she's finishing up her essay

11:30-now PM write an excruciatingly detailed post about my productive
day!!

Well, hope you enjoyed haha, one of these days maybe I'll try to tweet
my whole day lol.  If every day was like this, I'd get a lot done... K
later!
