Title: Yorktown, VA Beach, and 1 day left!
Date: 2010-05-17 21:02
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build, General updates
Slug: yorktown-va-beach-and-1-day-left

I've had a lot of fun getting ready for Bike and Build and seeing my
friends, family, and Lauren for the last time before my trip.

I spent Wednesday and Thursday in Yorktown with Lauren, Friday at Busch
Gardens with Lauren and her brother, and came down with my parents to
our beach house Saturday, and my friends got here Saturday night.  It
was fun going around with Lauren, Busch Gardens was a lot of fun, and
the past two nights and hanging out with everybody has been a blast so
far.  I've snuck in bike rides pretty much every day, and the weather
has been beautiful with the exception of today, which has been raining
all day but now I gotta chance to blog!

#### Yorktown, VA

Spending most of the week at Lauren's house, I got to see most of the
town she grew up in.  Like most small towns in America, there isn't a
whole lot to do all the time, but I really enjoyed it!  Her house is
nice, and the hot tub was great haha.  We got out for 23 miles bike ride
(we! Lauren on the 1970's era 10-speed Motobecane) and that was nice,
the "tour roads" are a really nice place to get in some bike riding.  We
went down to historic Yorktown and saw the sights along the way, she was
my tour guide haha, and there's some pictures of what there is to see in
Yorktown below.

[caption id="attachment\_428" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Yorktown Battlefields, complete with cannon
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/IMG_6340-300x200.jpg "Yorktown Battlefields")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/IMG_6340.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_429" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Historic Yorktown
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/historic_yorktown_sign-300x200.jpg "historic_yorktown_sign")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/historic_yorktown_sign.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_430" align="aligncenter" width="276"
caption="The Victory
Monument"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/victory_monument-276x300.jpg "victory_monument")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/victory_monument.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_431" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The York River is bigger than any of the finger lakes...I was
amazed by the size of the river
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/york_river-300x200.jpg "york_river")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/york_river.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_432" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="There's a cannonball stuck in the
wall!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/cannonball-300x200.jpg "cannonball")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/cannonball.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_433" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And the very site of Surrender
Field"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/surrender_field-300x249.jpg "surrender_field")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/surrender_field.jpg)[/caption]

It's pretty neat that her hometown has so much history, it's probably
pretty funny for her to show me around like a tourist haha.

On my bike ride Saturday morning, I met some really cool people too.  I
rode for a little while with three older ladies who had biked across the
country before, and they were super nice and talked my ear off about
bike paths and rides haha.  I think Lauren could've held there pace, but
there had the right mindset, it was a beautiful morning for a ride and
they were in no hurry!  Later on, I was on my way back, and noticed that
my pedaling and clipping/unclipping with my left foot felt strange.
 When I stopped to take a picture of the surrender field sign, I looked
at my cleat and was missing a screw and it had slid real strange.  A guy
on a bike, Matt Kuivinen, asked me if I was OK and I told him I was
fine, but showed him how my cleat had messed up.  He suggested the I put
it back into the right position and crank it on with the remaining
screw, so I did that and it worked well.  Turned out he had all day and
was just out for some riding, so we rode back to Yorktown, rode a few
laps of some tour roads that made a decent crit course, and turned out
that he fixed machines for a living and so he probably had a screw with
him! We went back to his car which was on the beach (Yorktown beach) and
after 20 minutes of digging through tools and screws, found one that was
the right length, diameter, and head! It worked great, and we rode a few
more laps and I headed back to Lauren's house.  It was getting hot by
the time I got back at noon, and she was still at work, so I cleaned up
and got ready for my parents to come.

#### Busch Gardens!

The Tappans get unlimited passes every year which is pretty sweet, and
that actually gets me a discount too so Lauren, her brother and his
girlfriend and I went up there Friday.

This was the first ride they took me on haha:

[caption id="attachment\_450" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="They stop us there at 205ft...I was front row, on the
end!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/griffon-200x300.jpg "griffon")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/griffon.jpg)[/caption]

It's been a long time since I've been there but it was good, the roller
coasters were pretty crazy haha.

#### VA Beach

I reluctantly put my bike back on the rack (I don't trust the rack or my
ability to secure it too much haha although it's made it pretty far),
and my parents brought me down to VA Beach and we got to go down to the
beach and relax for a little while.  Del, D-knick, and Zdan got here
late that night (this is Saturday) and we went down to the beach and
hung out for the night.  We caught a bunch of sandcrabs, master catcher
Delgiudice actually did most of the catching haha, and we didn't get
back to the beach house till like 2AM.

[caption id="attachment\_436" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The
Beach!!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach-300x200.jpg "va_beach")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_437" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The
Fam"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_family-300x200.jpg "va_beach_family")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_family.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_438" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Dad and
I"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_dad_and_i-300x200.jpg "va_beach_dad_and_i")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_dad_and_i.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_439" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Uncle
Carl"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_snarly-300x200.jpg "va_beach_snarly")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_snarly.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_440" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Brother"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_kyle-300x200.jpg "va_beach_kyle")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_kyle.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_441" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And then I don't even know about
this!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_dont_know_lol-300x200.jpg "va_beach_dont_know_lol")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_dont_know_lol.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_442" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Or this
haha..."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_dont_know_lol_2-300x200.jpg "va_beach_dont_know_lol_2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_dont_know_lol_2.jpg)[/caption]

Yesterday (Sunday) we spent all day on the beach, setting up and playing
volleyball and going in the ocean, and most of us got some pretty savage
burns by the end of the day!

[caption id="attachment\_444" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Poor
crabs...."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_crab-300x200.jpg "va_beach_crab")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_crab.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_443" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Haha..."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_bp-300x161.jpg "va_beach_bp")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_bp.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_445" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Brotherman and Lauren looking
on"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_bp2-300x276.jpg "va_beach_bp2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_bp2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_446" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Lauren
:)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_lauren-200x300.jpg "va_beach_lauren")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_lauren.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_447" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="'Merica!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_del-200x300.jpg "va_beach_del")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/va_beach_del.jpg)[/caption]

#### Grades

And in the midst of it all, grades came out!  I finished up better than
expected, with an A in syntech, an A in Mass and Energy Balances, a B in
Calculus of Several Variables, an A in ES...and a B in Organic Chemistry
II, too bad he couldn't bump me up.  That put me at a **3.56 for the
semester**, pulling my cumulative down to a 3.65 (it's been going down
since I got there haha), and I'm really proud of that! My classes were
challenging, and with amount of other work I took on....I'm happy.  I
got a little worried that I wasn't going to keep a 3.5 overall to apply
for a BS/MS program, but no worries there!

[caption id="attachment\_452" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="I'm a senior!! (92 credits
earned)"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/grades-300x95.jpg "grades")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/grades.jpg)[/caption]

And Bike and Build is coming right up....I'll be there in *less than a
day!!!*

That's all for now, we're gonna get out of the house.
