Title: To Georgetown, OH: Traumatic but OK day
Date: 2010-06-03 22:13
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: to-georgetown-oh-traumatic-but-ok-day

Today was a very traumatic day on Bike and Build, we had our first more
serious accident and it was scary for everyone.  Luckily Christina was
fine, and aside from being so sad that we had four hurt riders by lunch,
the roads and riding were great.  My low of the week was feeling so bad
at lunch today that we had some many riders down, and my highs were how
impressively Will handled his crash and just kept on riding like nothing
happened, and just how awesome it was to ascend into the Blue Ridge
mountains and how euphoric that day of riding was.

My chore group is on trailer crew this week, and I just stuffed
everything into the bin this morning to make it fit so that I had time
to eat and pack the trailer.  Our first attempt at packing the trailer
was a great success, and everything fit with room to spare! No gatorade
or degreaser spills on the day, and it was our doing J

[caption id="attachment\_713" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="An excellently packed
trailer"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/trailer-300x200.jpg "trailer")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/trailer.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_714" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Daily pre-ride route
meeting"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/route_meeting-300x200.jpg "route_meeting")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/route_meeting.jpg)[/caption]

To start out the day, we rode down to check out the murals in Portsmith,
which we were really awesome, and to hop over the bridge to add another
state to our trip, Kentucky!

[caption id="attachment\_718" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Kentucky was just across the Ohio! Suspension bridges are
cool"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bridge2-300x200.jpg "bridge")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/bridge2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_719" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Yeahhh another
state!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kentucky-200x300.jpg "kentucky")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/kentucky.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_715" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Murals were all painted by this one guy over 10 years,
detailing the history of the
town"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mural1-300x200.jpg "mural1")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mural1.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_716" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="they were really pretty awesomely
done"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mural2-300x200.jpg "mural2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mural2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_717" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="And there were so many good ones, but too many to include! look
at how long it
is"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mural3-300x200.jpg "mural3")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mural3.jpg)[/caption]

When we got around to leaving the town, we very quickly discovered that
there are indeed hills in Ohio, who knew!? The first was long with a
gentle grade which I love, and effortlessly cruised up.  I was able to
surprise myself when I saw dogs that may come out, and had the water
bottle in hand, with how loudly, deeply, and sternly I yelled “STAY!” to
that dog.  It stopped in it’s track, and I’m pretty sure my voice echoed
off the mountain lol.  Idk where that came from, but it was pretty cool.

The next few hills were actually suuuper steep, and I had to really
pedal hard to make it up them in my littlest gear! They may have been
the steepest hills yet.  The downhills were nearly as steep, and with
some tight switchbacks that left me gripping tight on the brakes all the
way down.  Jesse managed to set the new BnB record with 52.6MPH down one
of them….crazy.

After that, we were on some more really nice roads that went through
what seemed to be a parkway as well.  There was a really nice lake on
the left, and the water was warm and nice so Jesse and I took a
refreshing dip.  Mark only watched haha, afraid to get his bibs wet. 
But it really wasn’t so bad, I dried out super quick it was so hot.

We caught up to Will standing on the side of the road, and turns out
that he had went down in one of the descents.  He was totally fine, just
scraped up, and so we got him some alcohol and cleansing wipes.

[caption id="attachment\_720" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="He really took it well, and just kept on biking, he wasn’t
letting blood get in his way of having a great day on the bike. Power to
Will"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/will-300x200.jpg "will")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/will.jpg)[/caption]

When we got to lunch, that’s when things got a little scary.  Heard that
more people had went down on those technical descents, and someone took
a ambulance to the hospital.  We waited around for awhile to kinda hear
what had happened, and turns out that three people other than Will had
taken spills.  Raleigh went down kinda hard, but without losing much
skin and only a scratch on her face, but had hurt her already sore
back.  Lindsey understeered and went off the road, but she was fine and
still riding.  Christina had taken the worst of it, and was unconscious
for a short bit of time then couldn’t remember anything, so she was
taken to the hospital on account of concussion.

[caption id="attachment\_722" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Raleigh’s face was a little
scratched…"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raleigh-300x200.jpg "raleigh")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raleigh.jpg)[/caption]

After all of this I was in no mood to just keep on riding (or to take
pictures)….but had to ride eventually, and Jesse and I ended up going
hard pretty much all of the way in.  We dropped Mark, who stopped to
take a 45min nap in a field on the side of the road, and Will just rode
on in.  Jesse and I caught up to some others, who we rode with into
town.

Our hosts tonight at the UMC in Georgetown have put Bike and Build for
every year this trip has been running, eight, and had oreos, delicious
cookies, lemonade, crackers, snacks, moisturizes and shampoos and just
everything all laid out for us, it was sweet.  A nice man gave six of us
a ride to the showers, which were good, and they had real towels for us
to use!  Super nice on their part, and definitely helped brighten the
day.

After that, I spent some time in the local bike shop which is pretty
sweet, they had nice 29er mountain bikes, all carbon road racing
machines, a huge space with couches, and tons of old converted fixies
and single speeds.  I really liked the shop.

I stayed with Christina’s bike at the shop and we made sure that
everything was OK on it, and brought both hers and mine back later, I
was late for dinner but still got some delicious lasagna and salad! 
There was a United Dairy Farmers gas station across the street, and I
got to sample a little bit of a bunch of people’s ice cream which was
nice J

Christina got back, and she was OK which was the great news.  We had a
town hall meeting, I got to put up the pictures from yesterday into that
post, and then talk to Lauren for awhile which was really nice!

[caption id="attachment\_721" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Where I'm about to have to find a place to sleep in the
dark...."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/quarters-300x200.jpg "quarters")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/quarters.jpg)[/caption]

Since then I’ve tried to put the ups and downs of today into words,  and
in the end everyone is alright and we are all reminded that we are
responsible for our own safety out there on the road and how important
that really is.

I’m excited to ride into Cincinnati tomorrow, lots of people’s relatives
are going to visit and we get to finish our 8^th^ straight day of
biking, and build the next day!!  Should be a lot of fun, and we’re all
going to be riding safe.
