Title: Christmas update
Date: 2010-12-28 12:06
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: christmas-update

In my last post, I laid out my options for going back to Blacksburg.
 I've decided to stay in Syracuse and work through that last week, going
down to Bluebell with OBG, and then driving to school Monday 1/17 from
Bluebell.  So this upcoming New Year's weekend will be my last weekend
at home.  Below is what I've been up to the past week and a half.

#### Training

Training for the upcoming racing season hasn't been spectacular,
although I've done some hard workouts on the trainer, and two days ago
went on a 4.5mile run with my Mom...but working a full day really makes
it too hard to ride when I get home.  For example, I should try to ride
tonight before the [SU
game](http://blog.syracuse.com/orangebasketball/2010/12/orange_scouting_report_provide_1.html)
and going out after, but I'm going to pick up [a
fixie](http://syracuse.craigslist.org/bik/2123007610.html) after work so
I won't get home till 6, and won't have time to eat, ride, and shower
before heading up to the game.  Tip is at 9, but we're going to get
there early to see warm ups and make a night out of it, since this is a
bigger Christmas present for our family.  It doesn't look like a trainer
ride is going to happen.

#### Christmas

Speaking of Christmas, I was really happy with how my gifts came out,
and with those that I recieved.  I filled Kyle's book-safe flask with
some good Scotch, Mom's ice cream maker is fully functional and we'll
get to try it out very soon, and my brewery tour for Dad tomorrow is
shaping up.  Tim, from [Empire Brewing Co,](http://www.empirebrew.com/)
is going to show us around the brewery which should be awesome.   Then
we're going to hit up the other two breweries: [Syracuse Suds
Factory](http://www.sudsfactory.com/) and [Middle Ages
Brewing](http://middleagesbrewing.com/)'s tasting room.  The [Brooklyn
Brewery Winter Ale](http://www.brooklynbrewery.com/beer?id=17) holiday
5-pack, which I gave the tour brochure to him in, was delicious as well.
 I got some new Keen winter boots, [Shower's Pass rain
jacket](http://www.showerspass.com/catalog/men/mens-jackets/mens-club-pro-jacket),
a [Woolrich
flannel](http://www.amazon.com/Woolrich-Mens-Buffalo-Check-Shirt/dp/B000T8SVUE/ref=sr_1_2?s=apparel&ie=UTF8&qid=1293561005&sr=1-2&searchContext=B004A8QX22,B000T8SVUE,B000T9M5C8,B00494366S,B000VR9R6K,B001EZZVUO,B001F04W08,B001F02P70,B001F02G7Y,B00477GW8G,B000T9PMNW,B000VR7MSA,B000VR9PAS,B000VRBIHQ,B001F02HEQ,B001EZZ4GU,B000T8F7UQ,B001EZX1KG,B001F03NA8,B001EZV9TQ,B0040H7OVW,B00493ZHWK,B000T8CQ28,B001FAIB96),
[waterproof Goretex
pants](http://www.gore-tex.com/remote/Satellite/men/outerwear/performance-shell/pants/1286143730809),
[Bontrager cycling gloves](http://bontrager.com/model/08570), a variety
of beer glass styles, 0 degree sleeping bag, fleece ba la clava, two
pairs of warm winter socks, an [SLR gorilla
pod](http://www.google.com/products/catalog?hl=en&rlz=1C1CHFX_enUS411US411&q=SLR+gorillapod&um=1&ie=UTF-8&cid=13456876782920560082&ei=Zy0aTdneJoiq8Abm0dnkDQ&sa=X&oi=product_catalog_result&ct=result&resnum=5&ved=0CEoQ8wIwBA#),
Uncle Carl's birthday card and I'm sure there are at least a few things
I'm leaving out.  Not really a present, but the guy at Verizon
warrantied my phone and so now I've got a new DROID as well, which I
wasn't expecting and am really happy about.

#### Partying!

For Zdanowski's birthday on Christmas, and last night we went out
downtown.  I'm beginning to learn my way around Syracuse's bars as well
as the restaurants which we walk to for lunch sometimes from O'Brien &
Gere's awesome new [downtown
location](http://maps.google.com/maps?ie=UTF8&q=o'brien+and+gere&fb=1&gl=us&hq=o'brien+and+gere&hnear=Syracuse,+NY&cid=0,0,12583811927136777963&t=h&z=16&iwloc=A).
 Syracuse is a actually a really fun city, despite the cold and snow.
 And it's not really even that cold here when it's in the teens, often
Blacksburg is colder.  Sarah drove both ways for Zdan's birthday, in
what was possibly the most uncomfortable car ride of my life with Dan K
on one leg and Dan Z on the other, crammed into the tiny back seat.  The
way home was better, I laid across the back seat on top of Del Dan and
John as Zdan held his head out the front window.

Resolutions
-----------

For the new year, I've decided to attempt all three challenges below and
so I'm going to lay out the reasons I'm doing it.

#### Bye bye meat: becoming vegetarian

How? Sounds as simple as can be, just cutting meat out of my diet.  This
is only possible now that I do eat enough fruits and vegetables that I
can sustain myself on them, I used to be far too "picky."

Reason 1, the earth: Since the very beginnings of my education in
sustainability, and culminating with the semester of Earth
Sustainability focused on food (including the tour of Joel Salatin's
Polyface Farm), I've learned about the connections that we all share
with our food and how that affects the world we live in.  Zeroing in on
the meat-eating of Americans, we eat more meat, more often than has even
been eaten in history.  Its rare that we know where that meat comes
from, and there are some figures that I find particularly alarming.
 Around 70% of the antibiotics produced in the US are fed to livestock.
 The number of calories that we feed to cows, in the form of grain which
they can barely digest, is 20 times what we get back in terms of meat.
 This grain is almost always corn, producing the "marbled" fat in their
flesh, and their waste is not given back to farms.  Instead, the massive
farming operations rely on fertilizers and pesticides derived from oil.
 There's a big disconnect in this system.  In performing a personal
carbon analysis, the food I eat results in more carbon emissions than
driving (\#2) or heating/cooling the house (\#3).

Reason 2, health: Simply because I don't see the effects on my
waistline, I often eat way too much food.

#### Biking miles \> SOV miles

Simple enough, I'm planning a repeat of putting more miles on two wheels
than on four in 2011.  I'm counting all the miles I bike (for
transportation, recreation, racing) against the miles that I put on my
1999 Honda Accord.  I'm going to reset my "Trip B" odometer in the car,
and keep an excel spreadsheet of miles biked.  My Mom pointed out that I
without a doubt did this in 2010, with my cross-country bike trip.  The
big driving miles that I do are to/from Blacksburg and Syracuse, and in
2010 I only did two one-way drives.  Back to school in the Spring, and
back here in December.  Lauren drove me to the start of my trip, and to
school in the fall from NY.  The only other significant drives were
to/from Chapel Hill and to/from Parkersburg, both from Blacksburg.  Only
400 miles round trip each, and with 1200 Blacksburg-\>Syr miles, that
puts me at 2000 miles in the car.  And I'm sure there is quite a bit of
miscellaneous mileage, but I primarily bike around school.  Consider the
4,000 miles I biked during the summer and all those I put in the Spring
training and racing, and this fall training...no question I got it.

Why would I try such a foolish thing? For starters, cycling is an
active, safe, and healthy mode of transportation that is not going away
anytime soon.  Commuting actively means that I get some exercise going
to class, get there much more quickly and with much greater flexibility.
 It saves money on gas, although that money that is likely spent on bike
upgrades and lights, going entirely carless would save heaps
in maintenance and insurance.  In our oil-dependent society (my
lifestyle as well depends very much on foreign oil), and the fact that
sooner or later we are bound to have burnt through this
greatest-of-resources that we've ever stumbled across.  Our use of the
oceans of oil beneath Saudi Arabia is without doubt irresponsible, and
to develop a real energy alternative to maintain the "convenience" of
driving to work from suburbia is not happening.  
<span style="text-decoration:line-through;">  
</span>

#### <span style="text-decoration:line-through;">Anheuser-Busch Imbev and SABMiller</span>

<span style="text-decoration:line-through;"> </span>  
In 2011, I'm saying NO to bland, multinational beer.  This shouldn't be
too hard, really, yet I have to decide whether this means buying those
beers, or consuming them altogether.  There are some downsides: could
possibly be more expensive (but I don't think it will be), doesn't work
as well to buy craft beer for a party (and those who wouldn't appreciate
it), and what to do for drinking games?!  The positives are definitely
better though: discourages binge drinking/overconsumption at \$4.50/beer
at the bar and \$2/beer in the store, favors the local instead of the
multinational and puts
[homebrew](http://andyreagan.com/2010/10/14/strange-brew-an-update/img_3631/)
before [BL](http://www.budlight.com/), and I could go on for hours but I
can't explain it any better than the movie [Beer
Wars](http://beerwarsmovie.com/), which I think you'll need to watch to
fully understand.
