Title: Eastern Oregon
Date: 2010-07-26 16:40
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: eastern-oregon

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-27-16.24.51.jpg)

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-27-12.16.37.jpg)

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-25-12.49.49.jpg)

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-26-08.12.01.jpg)

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-27-12.16.371.jpg)

![image](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-26-07.51.32.jpg)

So these are the towns I need to write about...but I only got to
tonight's really.  If I'm feeling ambitious maybe ill write later, but
enjoy anyway ha.

Unity

John Day

Dayville and my 21st!

I slept up in the sanctuary and they didn't find me to wake me up right
before breakfast which was nice.  When I woke up, the first thing I told
Aileen was how mature I felt now that I was 21 years old.  It was a
really short day on the bike, which I rode how they had decorated it,
although it got really hot and stayed unbearably so inside at the host. 
in town, I exercized my newfound rights, by the river and it was a lot
of fun.

I slept in the kitchen which was cooler and so got a refreshingly good
nights sleep.

Fossil

One sentence: beautiful desert valley, huge awesome melting climb, music
at dinner, and sleeping in a real bed!

Maupin

Today we started out a tad later, waking at 6 and I won the rock paper
scissors face-off to drive to the church.  It was only like 5 blocks,
but still the first time behind a wheel in two months.  Really wasn't
that exciting though.  The best part was that when we turned on Tim's
radio we got to jam to "Dancing Queen" for that minute and a half!
Breakfast was pancakes and scrambled eggs, everything I could ask for.

Leaving town we hit the first climb within a mile, and although I was
already with the lead group, I felt great and took off.  Flying up the
hill, I was adapting "I'll Fly Away" in my head to I'll Climb Away and
my legs didn't tire all the way up.  At one point it switched back to
where I could see people below me and I shouted to them haha.  At the
top was one of the ladies I had talked to the night before who did
international relief work and had Kristen and Alyson for the night,
taking pictures.  I stopped and chatted with her for awhile more, and
waited for the others.  They got there and then down the hill we went
together, and it was a sweet dowhill.  By the bottom it was just Will G
and I, before long though we were going up again.  The second climb
seemed to last forever, and after awhile Tio got a flat.  I waited with
him, and took the tiny villanous sharp rock out of his tire.  Mark
passed us outta nowhere, then Joe and Aileen and then Noah and Emily
waited with us.

After he got it changed we all took off and I started cruisin, then it
was just Noah and I.  It felt good flying up again, I could feel the
first climb though.  Eventually we passed Joe and Aileen back, but knew
Mark was long gone.  After what seemed to be like 12 miles of climbing,
we reached a summit and stopped to stretch and wait for ppl.  When
Aileen pulled up, she looked to horizon and out of the desert we could
see giant Mt Hood rising above.  It was awesome and I don't know how we
didn't notice.  The mountain appeared so huge and was all snow covered,
out of the desert that as other caught up and we pointed, Tio most
memorably just screamed "Good lord!!" haha.

Another sweet descent took us into the tiny town of Antelope and to
lunch, where we had brown bag lunches complete with cold cuts from our
hosts in Fossil!  I took off with Mark and Dave, and right out of lunch,
up we went.  It ended up being just Mark and I, and at mile 40 we made
the turn onto the Bake Oven.  From here, we could clearly see three
giant white mountains...and couldn't tell which was Hood.  The Bake Oven
was hot but downhill and tolerable.  We had heard of a massive climb at
the end of the day, but as we grew closer the only mountain was that
giant one, presumably Hood, and were going downhill still.  We
approached the Descheutes River and its massive gorge, and before long
took an incredible descent down to the river level and to Maupin.  The
town was on the other side of the bridge and up the other side of the
gorge a little, which I guess was the climb there but it was nothing,
lame.  When we hit the steep descent, the hot air hit us literally like
an open oven in the face.  It was suuper hot in town, and we debated ice
cream but went to the host first.  Good thing we did, cuz they had root
beer floats ready!! And tons of other snacks and goodies, and
ac...heaven.  Dave was right behind us and before too long others
started rollin in.

Tonight I then got to hammock, read, talk to Lauren, sort my bin for the
final time and now blog wirelessly from the hammocl before bed! I don't
feel much like doing the other posts on this little thumb keyboard right
now tho haha, its finally cooled off and I'm gonna catch some shut eye
before our big day tomorrow over the mtn and into Gresham (portland)!
