Title: Vernal and Flaming Gorge, UTAH and Rock Springs, WYOMING
Date: 2010-07-10 23:53
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: vernal-and-flaming-gorge-utah-and-rock-springs-wyoming

Two new states in the past three days have been host to awesome rides,
beautiful views, camping, and more great food!

#### Vernal

Leaving Colorado we passed through Dinosaur, and the dinosaur natl
monument which was cool, and utah sign was awesome.

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="373" caption="Ridin the Dino
in Dinosaur,
Colorado!"]![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-08-11.43.04.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1311" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Rawwwr, pretty awesome state
sign"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7181-300x225.jpg "IMG_7181")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7181.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1312" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="U-T-A-H"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7182-300x225.jpg "IMG_7182")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7182.jpg)[/caption]

It was a 95 mile day and we were glad to have a host church in Vernal,
the Rec center for showers was incredible, and we did have to make our
own dinner again but it was good.  Zach and I also got to tour the
natural history museum for free which was really cool.  There was a map
of all the rock formation showing the morrison formation which is one of
the fossil richest in the world, heading out north we biked by all of
them including that one.

[caption id="attachment\_1313" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Possibly the best town sign we've seen
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7190-300x225.jpg "IMG_7190")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7190.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="373" caption="Lookin like Mr.
T with the chain Lauren sent
me"]![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-08-20.17.55.jpg)[/caption]

#### Flaming Gorge

Heading to Flaming Gorge was a sizeable climb but I felt great and kept
up with a semi for a few of the 7 mile climb. The descent was not as
epic as hoped, our campsite was halfway down it but I decided to descend
the whole thing and then climb it bc I was feeling just great and loving
how awesomely awesome the gorge is haha, and I was feeling the extra 6
miles of mountain today though. I came out with an extra 9 miles for 46
total, camping was really nice and although I got my hammock up, all the
tarps were used so I didn't want to risk sleeping in it so I tented it
for the first time.

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="499" caption="Flaming Gorge,
incredible."]![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/wpid-2010-07-09-15.49.14.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1314" align="aligncenter" width="225"
caption="Bonfire!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7209-225x300.jpg "IMG_7209")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/IMG_7209.jpg)[/caption]

#### Rock Springs

The utah desert was so beautiful that we were all sad to leave it today
coming to wyoming...we went through so quick! Today there were some huge
hills, really long, and no rest on the downhill with the headwind.  A
last minute direction change put mark and I in charge of chalking the
way in, which we did but it was confusing still so after we got to the
church we went back to rechalk and send ppl the right way, get wendys
and I picked up some rock and roll lube. All for a total of 92 miles. 
Put it on tonight so we'll see how it goes. Our hosts here at the first
congregational are phenomenal, provided us with showers in their homes
and a tremendous dinner, and I've heard rumors of breakfast!we had our
first bike clinic tonight and I explained the workings of a derailer
which was fun, and then I read my book which I one click bought through
the kindle app on the droid, and am gonna mentally prepare for the
century tomorrow by means of sleep!

Thanks for reading....maybe ill get most of the pix up by canon beach
haha :-P
