Title: St. Louis, Missouri!
Date: 2010-06-12 22:15
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: st-louis-missouri

Yesterday we biked into St. Louis, and it was a pretty awesome day.  I
got close to 70 miles on the day, the first half into lunch was country
roads and then as we approached the city it got busier.  Highlights
included: seeing the arch, crossing into another state, and getting new
sandals!

Today we built with Rebuilding Together of St. Louis, and it was great
to be able to help out multiple people by improving the conditions that
they live in.  Then we got to swim, play basketball, and play table
tennis! And I got to talk to Lauren for a while which was good, hope she
has fun on her road trip tomorrow.

[caption id="attachment\_947" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Looking at the map, we're getting pretty far
along!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/map-300x137.jpg "map")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/map.jpg)[/caption]

We spent the early part of the ride out of Greenville on route 140,
which wasn't bad.  It was more cornfields, and there were parts where we
could ride close enough to talk which makes the riding go by.  At 10 and
20 miles both we stopped to stretch which was nice, and I pulled lightly
into a headwind for the majority of the ride.

Not too long after our second stretch break, my ankle hit my crank again
on the right, and it hurt really bad.  It felt weird clipping it out,
and sure enough the clip had actually slipped.  So Jesse stopped with me
and we moved and re-tightened it and caught up to the others before
getting to lunch, which was behind a McDonalds today haha.  The bad part
about that was that there was no place for shade to escape the heat or
to nap, but we really didn't have time for nap today anyway haha.

Coming into the city was sketchy for a lot of people, but I didn't mind
the riding at all! It was kinda exciting, and our stay host here in the
gym of UMSL is nice.  We've got table tennis, a pool, the basketball
arena, showers and laundry...

Dinner for both nights was absolutely amazing, I'm really running out of
words to describe how awesome the trip and the people and food along the
way have been.  Christina and Sarah G's parents provided the dinners,
and we got to experience some real St. Louis cookin.  Pork steaks the
first night were bomb and tonight the spinach salad and just everything
was spectacular.

Working today was great, I got to fix up walls and install flooring in
the bathroom of a house with Jesse, and it was so hot up there that we
couldn't find a dry spot *anywhere* on our clothes haha.  Not the heat
really though, it was the humidity.  Coming back to swim and shower and
play basketball and table tennis was great.  I'm ready for the next four
days, including a 95 and 106 mile day on our way to Kansas City where we
build for two days.  For pictures, I'm working on using flickr and here
is the URL for that:

<http://www.flickr.com/photos/51163058@N08/sets/72157624262049394/>

I didn't really do captions but in reverse order they show the Ohio
River, the Arch and the view from that at night (and the ride up it),
cool things from downtown that night and today they show some of the
roof we put up under a porch.  Check out that board that I cut to fit in
the angled space...it fit so tight that it held itself up, boom! And
there is a picture of the neighborhood that we were doing the work in,
it was rough but I'm glad to be helping where it's really needed.

Rumor is that they next two day, and 160 miles are on gravel...so not
looking forward to that part, but at least now I'm expecting gravel
trail so when I find pavement I'll be even happier! Better than the
opposite haha, that's what I was just telling Jen.  Alyson, one of our
fearless leaders, just confirmed the rumor, sorta haha so it should be
interesting!

I'm working on getting a better photo system still, leave comments about
how this flickr thing works! Here are the very best haha:

[caption id="attachment\_954" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Thiiiiick gravel before the
bridge"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0260-300x200.jpg "IMG_0260")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0260.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_956" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The Mississippi
River!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0264-300x200.jpg "IMG_0264")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0264.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_953" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Get ready
Missouri!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/DSC_0090-300x199.jpg "DSC_0090")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/DSC_0090.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_951" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The Arch really was
awesome"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0284-300x200.jpg "IMG_0284")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0284.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_950" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="St. Louis by night, from the top of the
Arch"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0296-300x200.jpg "IMG_0296")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0296.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_952" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The neighborhood we build in, I didn't take too many pictures
to not be creepin
haha"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0324-300x200.jpg "IMG_0324")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/IMG_0324.jpg)[/caption]
