Title: Sept 18th
Date: 2010-09-18 22:37
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: sept-18th

Today was an awesome day of riding and racing mountain bikes, I survived
(barely) the 8 miles of cross country race and then won the short track!

The XC wasn’t super tough…somehow I managed to crash many times though
including possibly my two hardest mtb spills to date, but what I now
think plagued my riding was preoccupation (letting my mind drift too
much and not focusing on the trail), going too fast lol and wearing dark
sunglasses.  The trail being in the woods, it was shady and I wore them
because I needed to keep dust out and protect my eyes*…*but I think they
did more harm than good.  And really on the trail requires 100% focus
out there, especially going faster than I ever have on unfamiliar
trails.  The first time I went down hard I’m not sure what happened, but
I think there was a big lip onto the wooden bridge that I failed to see
or pick up my front wheel for…either way next thing I knew I was
airborne over the bridge without my bike haha.  Even after having to
gather myself and put the chain back on, I didn’t get passed though…but
I definitely lost lots of ground on third place who I was tailing up to
the wreck.  
The second time I hit hard was when I clipped a tree with my handlebars
enough to send me flying into a neighboring tree with my shoulder.  That
hurt really good, and I got passed haha before getting on the bike and
going slow for awhile…shaken up.  It was narrow and I clipped many trees
but that was the only one that sent me flying, probably because I hit it
so fast.  Not helping matters much, my new right grip slipped off and I
rode the last mile holding on to just the narrow metal bar and I missed
a turn near the end running right through some tape haha.  Despite the
shortcomings, I managed to finish fifth I think lol.  
Short track is clearly my event, and I’m getting better because this
one was almost entirely in the woods! Pre-riding the course my legs
didn’t feel strong, but once I got on it they listened haha.  I loveddd
the course, it was super fast with a big drop, some rooty uphills and
jumps, and I pretty much mastered a fast line.  We did a “le man” start
which means that we lay down all the bikes, then to start the race
sprint to them and start riding.  I was late to the start and leaned my
bike against a table near the pile…which turned out to be quite
advantageous haha.  My legs didn’t feel like running but once we off I
was nearly first to the bikes and was able to grab my bike still running
and jump on with a considerable lead into the trail.  Later I learned
the jake who was second slid out in that first turn and had blocked the
field even more for me haha.  After two laps no one was really even
close to me which was awesome, but I almost wondered if id taken a wrong
turn lol.  I hadn’t, but the course which was super sandy made the turns
really hard, and missing one sent me slightly into the woods but not
slowing me down…but I had got a bunch of branches and leaves stuck in
the cassette and couldn’t pedal.  It didn’t come out pulling them from
on the bike, and I had to stop to clean it out…bummer.  jake, an nc
state guy, and ben rice passed me while I was stopped.  Jake had been
talking lots of trash before the race haha, so I hammered hard and with
my sweet line, caught them in two laps and then sped around on the
straight away.  When I flew by jake I gave him a pat on the back lol,
asserting my dominance in the short track, now back in first place.  I
went fast for the next while, and soon enough it was just jake behind me
and we had a huge gap.  Not before long, it was the last lap and I asked
him if he wanted to make a gentlemans agreement for the finish.  I
didn’t want to beat him in the sprint just because I had a bike length
head start from in front of him, so we agreed to come side by side,
shake hands, and then sprint! We did, and I got him, a fair victory for
sure.  The rest of our C team finished strong as well, taking spots
4-7.  
Other highlights of the day included hanging my hammock over the race
course, taking some fun pictures, and my moms zucchini bread after the
race! All the good pix are on my camera (writing from the phone now) but
I was able to take a picture of my beaten leg lol, it will make a sweet
scar if it scars.  I think it’ll show up at the top, but that’s from the
first big crash and only part of it haha, not really too bad though,
just sweat made it sting in the second half of the xc and st.  
Well that’s all I got, a (slightly longer) xc race coming up tomorrow
and I’m going to try to win it!

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/IMG_20100918_195423-300x224.jpg "IMG_20100918_195423")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/IMG_20100918_195423.jpg)
