Title: Jefferson City and Sedalia, MO
Date: 2010-06-15 21:19
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: jefferson-city-and-sedalia-mo

The past two days have been awesome on the road and in the towns we have
stayed in.  So much has happened that I think it would be next to
impossible for me to write it all but some highlights were: jumping off
a (10ft) bridge during the ride to Jeff City was fun, the ride to Jeff
City was good all around (minus the flats), and Mark and I got to see
Jure Rovic ride by who is leading the Race Across America! That was all
yesterday and today's ride wasn't as enjoyable with rain and busier
roads, and a spill, but we're all doing great and tonight, we
had chiropractors and a massage therapist!!

[caption id="attachment\_972" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Holy bug bites!! Joe got it the
worst"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mosquitos-200x300.jpg "mosquitos")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/mosquitos.jpg)[/caption]

On our way to Jefferson City, we were on the Katy Trail, a packed cinder
bikeway, for 80 some miles (the whole way).  The night before I had
looked up online where and when the RAAM, Race Across America, would be
coming through Jeff City and from what I could tell, it was at 2PM only
one block from where we were staying! So Jesse and I were *pumped* to
see and potentially ride with some RAAM guys and we took off as early
was we could in the morning and hit it real hard.

We hadn't had any problems the day before from the trail, but just a
little over an hour and 20 miles in, I got a flat.  As soon as we rolled
to a stop, we were covered in mosquitoes though.  So Jesse and I
literally ran with my rear wheel as we took the tire off, put a new tube
in and put the tire back on.  It must have looked totally ridiculous to
the guys biking by but when we yelled mosquitoes they understood haha.
 To pump the tire while running, I held the tire, and put the pump
against my chest, and Jesse had to pump it against my chest.  There was
definitely no time for pictures, but at lunch you can see what they had
done to Joe who had to change a flat as well.

Not more than 10 miles later, I had another flat.  We had tried to get
out fast to get there, and were prepared with enough clif bars to go
straight through...but these flats were killing us.  The first one had
taken 20 minutes to change while running, and there weren't as many
mosquitoes near this one but still it was very frustrating.

We made the decision to take the highway, Highway 94, that ran parallel
to the trail and right into our destination, because we were only a
small way there and had already used two of our three tubes! The highway
was not busy at all, it was only a two lane, and was about the same
speed as the trail because while the gravel on the trail provided
rolling resistance, there was an equal headwind on the unsheltered road.
 As soon as our tires hit the paved road, it was unbelievably smooth
haha and we made it the rest of the day without flats.

[caption id="attachment\_973" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Jesse really for some reason needed a picture frollicking
through the field
lol"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/frollicking-300x200.jpg "frollicking")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/frollicking.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_974" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Another benefit of being on the road was the view.  As we
approached Jefferson City, it was spectacular to see the skyline in the
distance become closer.  It doesn't look like it in this picture, but we
could see the capitol building clearly from 10 miles out.  It's neat
kinda seeing the destination like
that"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/veiw-300x200.jpg "veiw")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/veiw.jpg)[/caption]

When we got into town, Jesse and I knew we were well ahead of everyone
else so we headed right for the RAAM timecheck.  We happened to be early
though, and saw a bike shop on the way that had potential.  It was a
pretty cool shop, and I picked up a patch kit haha.

We rode out Jefferson St looking for the timecheck, our host church at
the First Presbytarian was only one street over.  We rode out there for
a mile, and over some sizeable hills (really steep, their hills aren't
huge but they build roads straight up them haha).  Problem was, after
about 10 miles and 45 minutes of searching allllll over the place, we
couldn't find anything at all that could have been the timecheck.  So we
headed back to the church, and caught up with some others to check out
the capitol building that we had been riding toward for so long.

[caption id="attachment\_975" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Jefferson City is the capitol of Missouri, and the capitol
building was
nice"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol_building-300x200.jpg "capitol_building")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/capitol_building.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_976" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="They also had some really pretty
fountains"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/fountain-300x200.jpg "fountain")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/fountain.jpg)[/caption]

We were all starving from our long day, and got some really good pizza
downtown!

[caption id="attachment\_977" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="Mmmm
pizza"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/pizza-200x300.jpg "pizza")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/pizza.jpg)[/caption]

We headed out there again to look for the timecheck with the others that
had came, but still nothing.  The bike shop hadn't heard about it, which
was lame, but they let us use their computer to check the location.
 Sure enough, we were right both times but there was just nothing there
yet....they should have been set up at 1.

We went back to the church and showered and had a great dinner, all
awesome as always.   I think I'm running out of adjectives to describe
the generosity that we have been shown by our hosts, and how we have
eaten like kings.  We gave a presentation, and Britt told her story of
involvement in the affordable housing cause, which had to have given
everyone in the room chills.

After dinner, Alyson Jesse Mark and I headed back out there again to
find the timecheck, but at the place it should have been still found
nothing! We looked on Alyson's blackberry, and she had the idea of
checking the personal blog of the leader rather than relying on the RAAM
website.  Sure enough, the leader Jure Rovic had a website
([http://jurerobic.net](http://jurerobic.net/cms/)) with a GPS tracker
but it didn't load on the phone so we called someone back at the church
to look at it on my computer.  She looked and determined that he wasn't
super close...at least 50 miles out (so a few hours) so we headed back
the very hilly mile to the church.

Using his website, and the RAAM site, Mark and I determined that he
would be in Jeff City at about 1:30AM.  We had put so much time and
energy into seeing this guy that we weren't going to let the Bike and
Build curfew stop us from walking the block over to see him ride by, so
Mark and I woke up at 1 and went over there to see.  After about 20
minutes, he should have been there because the GPS had shown him at the
timecheck, only a mile away.  But we hadn't seen a single thing all day,
and decided to bike baaack out there to see.  It was night, but we
didn't see a car the whole time we were out there and Mark's lights were
real bright.  Back out we went, and...

[caption id="attachment\_980" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="We found
them!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam1-300x200.jpg "raam1")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam1.jpg)[/caption]

It was an RV and a minivan in the gas station parking lot.

[caption id="attachment\_978" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="They were working on his bike in front of the
RV"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam2-300x200.jpg "raam2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam2.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_979" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The van carries his extra bike, extra wheels, GPS and mapping
equipment and food for the
day"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam3-300x200.jpg "raam3")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam3.jpg)[/caption]

Jure was inside the RV sleeping for an hour, we got talking to his
mechanic and his strategy was to not sleep for the first 48 hours, then
sleep one hour every night.  He showed us the equipment, and told us all
about it.

[caption id="attachment\_981" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The official RAAM book, that's one time check's worth of
directions!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam4-300x200.jpg "raam4")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam4.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_982" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="His bike was sick, and he even had
two"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam5-300x200.jpg "raam5")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam5.jpg)[/caption]

So all in all, he had 8 people in the two vehicles supporting him.  A
full time cook, doctor, two mechanics, and drivers who needed to be
equally as sleep-intolerant as Jure had trained to be to drive the van
all day 10 feet behind him.  On the bike, he carries only one water
bottle, and that's it! No computer, no food, nothing on his back.
 Anything he needed the hand to him from the van.  They get directions
to him via loudspeaker from the van behind him, and it's actually RAAM
required that it be right behind him at night all the time, equipped
with mega headlights and flashers.  After chatting for awhile, we headed
back to the church to see him come by.

[caption id="attachment\_983" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Here he
comes"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam6-300x200.jpg "raam6")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam6.jpg)[/caption]

We cheered him on, at 3AM on the desolate downtown street, and as he
stopped at the light and we were chanting "Keep it up" we got a mumbled
"Alright" it sounded like haha.  So we actually got to see the leader of
the Race Across America, heading for his 5th win!

[caption id="attachment\_984" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Four more days for
Jure!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam7-300x200.jpg "raam7")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/raam7.jpg)[/caption]

#### To Sedalia

Today we headed out for shorter day, 61 miles, to be spent on Rt 50.  It
started out slow, I was sore from the hard ride the day before and from
my 2ish hours of sleep haha.

I was riding behind Britt when she took a spill on the road, the road
surface was about 2 inches higher than the shoulder, and created a curb
that is a disaster for road bikes.  She hit her hip pretty hard, but
she's going to be fine!

The whole group had stopped, and after we got started again, at about
mile 20 we spotted a Sonic. Remembering that I had a handful of free
coupons in my hand, between Derrick and I we had enough to get our whole
riding group free Cherry Limeades! They were good, a little too
carbonated and sweet for Emily but on a positive note Jen rode into
Sonic without going face first on the sidewalk this time haha!

[caption id="attachment\_985" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Sonic!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sonic1-300x200.jpg "sonic")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/sonic1.jpg)[/caption]

Lunch was pretty uneventful, as was most of the day.  At some point, it
started raining real hard and cold and windy, so I made sure that our
last rider had a strong tail light because from the front I couldn't see
a thing on the road.

[caption id="attachment\_986" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Home?!?"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/syracuse-300x225.jpg "syracuse")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/syracuse.jpg)[/caption]

Our hosts at the First Baptist Church in Sedalia are awesome, and
provided us with not only an excellent dinner, but with *a massage
therapist and two chiropracters!!* I felt like a pro, getting my
post-race massage haha.  It was great, and I wish I could get an
adjustment every week.

Tomorrow is going to be a long day into Kansas City, where we will build
for two days, and I'm headed to be at 10PM for our 5AM wake up!!

Hope you enjoyed reading!
