Title: Blogging
Date: 2010-09-15 10:16
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing, General updates
Slug: blogging

I haven't really kept up too well recently, because there is a lot going
on while at college and writing up my adventures feels almost like a
chore...and then once I get too behind, and try to catch up with the
blogging...it's just too much.

SO, an amazing idea popped into my head! The new future of my
blog.....one picture per day, every day!! I can definitely keep up with
that, and whether I have time to only write a sentence or can crank out
a few paragraphs, either work!

#### September 15th POTD (Picture of the Day): Racing MTB

[caption id="attachment\_1613" align="aligncenter" width="249"
caption="The past two weekend I've been having a lot of fun racing
mountain bikes. I've been borrowing Dave's bike, and have had to keep
fixing it up but it's working great. So far, two new tires because I
broke the back one going down Old Farm and the front one was so worn out
that I kept sliding out in the W&M TT in which I was wearing my TT
helmet lol so I got a new one and it helped me grip the trail to a win
at the VCU Short Track on Sunday, had to get a new chain before even
racing when the old one broke 4 times up Old Farm, got new handlebar
grips which I just got and haven't used yet but will hopefully help my
hands from hurting, annnnd new derailer cable and housing too somewhere
in the past few weeks, wow. But there is a lot more to it than breaking
the bike, the fun stuff....like riding fast up and down trails that are
super steep and have huge roots or rock ledges that I have to climb!Â 
This coming weekend I'll be travelling to NC State to race there and I'm
excited, currently sitting 4th in Men's C and the team very comfortably
in First
Place!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/me-racing-249x300.jpg "William & Mary XC Race")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/me-racing.jpg)[/caption]
