Title: Clay Center, KS
Date: 2010-06-22 17:54
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: clay-center-ks

Today was super short, at 40 miles, and we got to sleep in until 6! In
fact, the ride was so flat and short that it really felt like another
day off haha.

In the morning I was going to try to swap out my chain, which I thought
was going to be real easy but turned out that I could not break my
master link.  It's a link in the chain that should come apart so that I
can take it off.  I was hoping to re-use that master link on the new
chain, since I didn't know where the Shinamo break-off pin went.  After
20 minutes of trying and no luck...I gave up on changing the chain.  I
really wanted to get it done though, because chains wear more quickly
than the other gears, and can wear those gears if you run a stretched
chain on them.  If you change your chain on time (before it gets too
bad), it is possible to get three chains on one cassette.  Meaning, I
only have to replace the back gears (\$70) every three times I replace
the chain.  But, my chain is way past gone (very stretched) so every
mile is just wearing away my cassette.

I remembered the guy from the bike shop in town last night telling me
that he would be in early in the morning to do a fit, and if any of us
needed anything to give him a call.  But his card, with his number, was
packed away in my bin in the trailer at that point.  Since it was on the
way out (if I made it) I went through town to see if he was there and I
could get my chain changed out, and if I needed, a new cassette.

When I got there at 8am, I saw that they weren't open till 10 and was a
little bummed.  But I saw him inside and he came and unlocked the door,
and I told him that I wanted to see if he could help me change the
chain, and get a new cassette if I needed.  He was glad to help, like he
said, and let me in.  There was another mechanic there, and a guy
getting fitted on a bike, and we put my bike in a stand went to taking
the old chain off.  He couldn't get the master link either, and just
broke the chain somewhere else to try removing the master link off the
bike.  After a little bit, he let the other mechanic try it, and after
another little while of messing with it, he realized that it was one of
the black SRAM non-breakable master links!! It was a one-use one,
actually a power-link! I was cleaning my cassette real nice for the new
chain in the meantime, and since I didn't have the breakable pin, or an
old quick-link, he had a new KMC one, sweet! So we put that on, he
showed me how to size the chain in small-small which was cool.  To test
the cassette we looked at how it shifted, which would suffer if it was
too warn.  Luckily, it shifted like a beaut and so I was good!  For all
the help, I tipped him extra and was on my way.  I reset the odometer to
track the new chain.

An hour had passed, but I wasn't worried at all and just cruised along
at an easy pace.  The new chain was awesome, it was super quiet and just
felt smooth.  After 20 miles of beautiful rolling KS hills, I arrived at
lunch and had caught up with sweeps.  After explaining why I was behind
them, Emily and Dave and I set out to finish the ride.  We had a
noticeable tailwind which was sweet, and really nice roads.  The ride
was awesome, we caught up with Raleigh when were getting close and it
was starting to get really hot.  Dave sprinted up a few hills and I
stuck with him, he's gettin freakin strong for not having ridden at all
before the trip! Toward the end, we found Jen with a flat and waited
with her to change it, and was we rolled out, my tire was flat! I
figured it was another slow leaker, and after pumping it up, I figured
it would hold that air for the last 3 miles into town, and it did.  I
really do need to get the new tires on there I think.  I'm going to try
to patch some of my tubes tonight hopefully.

After we got to the host, the AC was wonderful but I forgot my shorts to
go to the showers, and luckily Noah let me borrow a pair.  We played
some knock out at the high school there, and after getting back to our
host at the First Baptist Church here in Clay Center I've taken a nap,
munched on food, practiced on the guitar, worked on the affordable
housing curriculum presentation that Will and I will be giving tomorrow,
did the mid-trip leader evals, and typed up the day here!

I actually didn't get my camera out, in was in the rain fly because we
felt some drops.  The country is pretty, but I guess nothing in
particular sparked my attention enough to make me stop haha.  Tomorrow
shouldn't be very long either, something like 57 miles to Beloit!
