Title: A year in review: 2010
Date: 2010-12-31 11:22
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: a-year-in-review-2010

I've been told that every semester, we emerge a different person.  In
this past year, I've accomplished as much as I could've ever hoped and
definitely have been changed as a result of the experiences.  Most
notably, I am two semesters closer to graduating college, which is both
amazing and very scary.  This summer, I biked across the United States
and that is a great accomplishment, especially doing it while being able
to help others.  I came into the year with a girlfriend, and am coming
out without one.  This past semester, beer has definitely become at
least a hobby and I took up running for my first triathlon.

#### Spring

Reflecting on the spring, I made some important decisions and raced
bikes for the second season.  Most importantly, I made the decision to
become a mathematics major, and outlined my decision here:
<http://andyreagan.com/2010/03/26/math-or-chemical-engineering/>.
 Racing, I was doing very well in Men's C, but got into a big crash and
never got back into form...posts from all the races are in the archive
on the right.

[caption id="attachment\_187" align="aligncenter" width="432"
caption="Racing strong early in the 2010 season, here an unsuccessful
attack"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_attacking.jpg "WM10_attacking")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_attacking.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_188" align="aligncenter" width="300" caption="A
big crash basically ruined the season, but I kept racing after my wounds
healed in three
weeks"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_handlebars-300x199.jpg "WM10_handlebars")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/wm_handlebars.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_230" align="aligncenter" width="243"
caption="And I chose the path to the
right"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/crossroadsoflife-243x300.jpg "crossroadsoflife")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/crossroadsoflife.jpg)[/caption]

I was in some very hard classes that semester as well, and was
undertaking the VT Cycling clothing order.  That order stressed me out
more than anything, and was basically a complete disaster with the
clothes coming in for our last race of the year.  Reaching out to alumni
got the order up over \$20,000 and was more than I was ready to manage
at the time.  And the Organic SynTech lab was probably the single most
awful class I've taken, it was an incredible amount of work in the lab
and although I got to use NMR and HPLC and MS, I won't need them in
future.  I finished the last semester of Earth Sustainability,
culminating in our Community Bike Ride action project.  The project
wasn't a success, as we ran into opposition from every party including
the New River Valley Bicycle Association and the Blacksburg Police
Department.  That class has really shaped many of my views, and without
it I wouldn't be doing many of things that I do (like going vegetarian
in 2011).

#### Summer

Without a doubt, I had the most epic summer imaginable.  A physical feat
that most can't even imagine, I completed with relative ease.  Biking
across the country with CUS2010 is definitely going to be an experience
that shapes me for the rest of my life, and I'm getting even more
excited to see everyone in DC in a week!  There are countless pictures
and stories from the summer on the right in the archive, I'm not going
to attempt a recap.  A few of the things I learned are that there are
awesome people all across this nation (screw mass media), our bodies are
capable of much more than we know, and I love bikes.

#### Fall

This fall, I raced mountain bikes, learned an incredible amount about
beer both in and out of Brewing Science class, did my first triathlon
and had one of the most fun 3 months I've ever had, still managing to
emerge with a 3.66 and do undergraduate research.  Living on my own in a
house with two other guys was an adventure all it's own, and I love it.
 I definitely would not want to live by myself, but having the house is
great.  A memorable moment was when I was using the angle grinder on a
machete on the front porch (making lots of sparks and noise at 11PM),
Dave was hanging upside down playing his harmonica, and James was baking
shortbread in the kitchen all at the same time...

My family drove down to Jean's in West Virginia for Thanksgiving and it
worked out perfectly.  There's some posts of the awesome meals that Jean
cooked us.  I wasn't ready to come home when break started, I was having
so much fun playing the snow in Blacksburg, but I've enjoyed my time
home a lot so far, although it's nearing an end already! Break wasn't
too much of break really, going out late most every night and working
full time since the day I got here...but I am writing at OBG right now
:-P.

So, that's a year.  I'm going to write an update on my resolutions now!
