Title: Boulder, CO
Date: 2010-07-01 18:57
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: boulder-co

Leaving Denver was quite an adventure when I realized in the morning
that I didn't have my sunglasses...because I remembered that the night
before when my hat had blown from the steeple to the roof of the church,
my glasses were on it!  Here's that story:

I like need my sunglasses to see haha I have wimpy eyes, and so I went
around the church to see if they had like blow down.  The hat was lying
beside the gutter, but no sunglasses.  So they were either still up
there, or had come down and someone nabbed them.  I wasn't going to
leave the church without them, so I attempted to scale the rock wall of
the church to get up to the roof...

My first attempt was unsuccessful, I got halfway up but couldn't find
any holds, and went to ask Jen and Heather if they remember my glasses
being on the hat.  They didn't remember but Jen did rock climbing so I
asked her to come look and see if it was possible haha.  I tried again,
and had to shimmy between two walls and somehow got up on to the roof!
My glasses were up there!! Coming down was even scarier but I didn't
fall haha, what I didn't realize until later though was that in the
process of holding myself up with my back and hands, I crushed my cell
phone that was in my back pocket completely....dang!

I thought about it though, and since I didn't really like that phone
anyway, I would definitely rather have my oakleys.  My biggest concern
was that I won't be able to talk to Lauren on the phone until our next
mail drop, but it turns out that my next upgrade with Verizon is in
three days!! After talking to my Mom and Dad about whether they were
going to ship me one, or if I should use the upgrade, we worked it out
and I'm just going to get a new phone on the 3rd! I looked at what
Verizon has got out there, and it's basically down to the three android
phones. The Droid, the Droid Incredible and the Droid X but that last
one doesn't come out till July 15th, so I'm not sure I can wait.  What I
hated about the storm, besides it's totally unreliability when I wanted
to talk to people, was that it didn't have a real keyboard.  The Droid
is the older, and less feature-rich of the three phones (the other two
boast 8MP cameras-almost as much as my SLR, 1GHz processors-faster than
top of the line desktop computers 5 years ago, and the Droid X has a
4.3inch screen and takes HD 720P video), but it has a keyboard.  It's
going to be a hard decision haha.... I do hope that the iPhone really
comes to Verizon in January though!

#### The ride to Boulder

Leaving Denver I was a little late, knee bleeding and phone crushed from
finding my glasses haha but I got ready as fast as I could.  The
directions were crazy, but there were two Bike and Build alumni and the
lady from IMA of Denver, Donna, who organized the fundraiser the day
before and that was going to lead us out.  We didn't leave with the
whole group, so it was just the last four of us, and we reached a pretty
crazy intersection.  Right then though, Anna and Sonya the alums had
come back to help us find the bike path that we were supposed to be
getting on.  Getting to it was confusing for sure, we wouldn't have made
it without their help but one we were on the path it was absolutely
gorgeous.

Denver is super accessible by bike, we had ridden the B-Cycle bike share
bikes the day before all over town, and the path that we were on felt
like being in a forest, next to a beautiful river but looking up were
skyscrapers because we were in the middle of the city!  We called the
big group, and they waited up for us and then we rode as a group of 35
down this path out of town.  I really enjoyed that riding...Denver is
just awesome.

We hit a main road that we were supposed to take to another bike path,
and it was confusing since we didn't have cue sheets but I just followed
everyone else.  I didn't leave with the fast group but then left with
Jen Hock who is a speedster haha.  We rode along and eventually we
caught up to Aileen and Rob, who worked with the Anna and Sonya in the
bike shop in Denver and raced for 1st Bank.  It was cool getting to ride
with someone at an "endurance pace" which was moderate but so smooth
that it reminded me of riding with Reid because he had the powertap and
stuff too.  We cruised along some beautiful roads and caught up with the
fast group after not long.  At the pace we were going, I could feel the
lack of air at 5,000ft for the first time when we crushed up some hills.

As we rode, we got closer to the mountains and we were right at the
foothills of the Rockies.  I didn't take any pictures of that, because
pictures honestly can't do it justice haha.  It took longer than we
thought to get into Boulder, and we thought that the group was meeting
at a bike shop outside of town before going to the church but that had
been called off apparently, and then we rode to the host.  The shop we
had stopped at was really new and clean, but I forget the name haha.

#### Pearl Street, beneath the Flatirons

The main drag in Boulder is a pedestrian (no cars or bikes) street named
Pearl Street.  Looking to the west, the Flat Iron mountains loom
overhead, and are just beautiful.  The street reminded me a lot of a
bigger Ithaca Commons, and turns out that they were actually designed by
the same person, I was on to it haha.  At night, there were a lot of
cool things going on like people playing music, concerts pretty much
every night, and performers doing all sorts of tricks and things.

#### Building with the Flatiron Habitat for Humanity

Today we spent all day building in the dry heat, with the sun beating
down for our longest day yet.  We started building at 8am after a 5ish
mile ride there, and didn't stop (other than lunch) until a little past
4pm.  I worked with Jesse and Will Green framing walls and putting them
up, and doing lots of other jobs that involved hammering and cutting
wood haha.  They gave us a presentation about what they do after a
thorough safety overview, it was really cool and they worked us all hard
for the full day.  I can't imagine trying to find work for 31 energetic
volunteers on one house, but it was four-unit and they sure did.

Boulder is a really affluent town with an AMI of \$85,000, and the house
that we were working on would sell on the fair market for \>\$400,000
and it wasn't that big.  The whole day though we could see the Rockies
above us, and Boulder also is one of three cities to achieve the League
of American Cyclist's platinum rating.  There are something like 300
miles of bike and pedestrian trails, and there are bike lanes on like
every day.  The whole time we were working I saw people speeding by on
really nice bikes, it was sweet.

Dinner tonight was delicious Lasagna, and I think I'm going to watch the
movie Bicycle Dreams which is about RAAM I think and hit the hay.  I was
to organize my stuff and ship some things home as well...we'll see haha.

Tomorrow we climb! Check it out:

[caption id="attachment\_1156" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="From Boulder to Estes
Park"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/estes-elevation-300x86.png "estes elevation")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/estes-elevation.png)[/caption]

The ride shouldn't be that bad though haha, it's going to beautiful and
I am BEYOND excited for the ride.

#### Pictures

I kinda failed and didn't actually take any pictures on the ride there,
or during the build day because I forgot my SD card.  So Jen was nice
enough to let me have all of hers! Here is what she got.  
Ride there:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0441-300x224.jpg "044")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0441.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/045-300x224.jpg "045")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/045.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/046-225x300.jpg "046")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/046.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0471-300x224.jpg "047")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0471.jpg)

Build day:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/048-300x224.jpg "048")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/048.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/049-300x224.jpg "049")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/049.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0501-225x300.jpg "050")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0501.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/051-225x300.jpg "051")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/051.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/052-225x300.jpg "052")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/052.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0531-300x224.jpg "053")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0531.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/054-300x224.jpg "054")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/054.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0551-300x224.jpg "055")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0551.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0561-300x224.jpg "056")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0561.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0571-300x224.jpg "057")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0571.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0581-300x224.jpg "058")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0581.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/059-300x224.jpg "059")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/059.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0601-225x300.jpg "060")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0601.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/061-300x224.jpg "061")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/061.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0621-300x224.jpg "062")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0621.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0631-300x224.jpg "063")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0631.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/064-225x300.jpg "064")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/064.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0651-300x224.jpg "065")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0651.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/066-300x224.jpg "066")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/066.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0671-300x224.jpg "067")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0671.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0701-300x224.jpg "070")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/07/0701.jpg)
