Title: Resolutions update
Date: 2011-01-05 10:07
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: resolutions-update

My resolutions were to go vegetarian, bike more miles than drive, and
avoid the two big bland beer makers.  In short, I haven't keeled over
from lack of protein (not a surprise), have been beaten by the snow,
 and haven't supported the big 3 yet.

Eating **vegetarian is actually super easy**, although I had some major
temptations the first day.  They were free chili from the [Spaghetti
Warehouse](http://www.meatballs.com/) and being at
[Tully's](http://www.tullysgoodtimes.com/) both on Day 1.  I love chili,
but had to pass.  Inside the [Spaghetti
Warehouse](http://www.meatballs.com/) is really awesome, and I'm
definitely going to have to go eat there sometime.   Then that night at
the home of the best tenders in the world, I ordered something other
than tenders for the first time ever at
[Tully's](http://www.tullysgoodtimes.com/).  Their veggie quesadillas
weren't tenders, but were really good.

On the first, I also biked to downtown for the "[Resolution
Run](http://centralny.ynn.com/content/top_stories/528582/resolution-run-held-in-syracuse/)"
putting my bike into an early lead with 13 miles.  But, weather turned
more sour and I haven't been able to ride since, and have since racked
up 70 miles on the car.  **Current score 70-13 car**.  [Driving to
Auburn](http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&source=s_q&hl=en&geocode=FYzTjwIdD61z-ymbXa9Sb_jZiTEFC2TkvP-stw%3BFa0IjwIdeQFv-yFseALhPxhrQg&q=from:+4352+clark+ter+marcellus+ny+to:+bass+pro+shop,+auburn+ny&sll=37.0625,-95.677068&sspn=47.569986,56.689453&ie=UTF8&t=h&z=11&saddr=4352+clark+ter+marcellus+ny&daddr=bass+pro+shop,+auburn+ny)
to exchange a sleeping bag put in a big dent, but it was worth it.   I
exchanged to 10 pound, 0 degree bag that my parents gave me for a [2lb
10oz. 20 degree North
Face](http://www.thenorthface.com/catalog/sc-gear/cats-meow.html) bag.
 Sleeping in it the past few nights on my bed, I haven't actually been
too hot which is slightly discomforting.  It will get put to the test
soon enough though. All I need now to be ready for backpacking is a
camping stove, and they had those at [Bass
Pro](http://www.basspro.com/homepage.html) but I wasn't ready to drop
\$100 without a trip planned.  I'd also need a tent...unless I want to
use [my
hammock](http://www.campist.com/archives/eno-singlenest-hammock.jpg) and
[a
tarp](http://www.amazon.com/FEET-COVER-TARP-CANOPY-HEAVY/dp/B002AQ84VE).
 Dave has a tent and the [same stove](http://www.rei.com/product/709000)
I was looking at, so I could probably borrow those if I wanted to.

And I lost the challenge of not consuming Anheuser-Busch or SABMiller
pretty quickly, finishing off the
[PBR](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pabst_Blue_Ribbon) that I bought on
the 31st before going out on New Year's Day.  Pabst is independent, but
it's brewed by Miller... I still have not purchased from either of those
two yet, and so my challenge has taken that route.  Current status:
**purchasing boycott successful**.

Training-wise, I did the 13 miles biking and 5 miles running on the
first, and ran last night (4th) in the woods for something like 5-6-7
miles.  Tonight, I'm going to get on the trainer and try to pack before
going out downtown, I'm really excited to ride the train to DC and for
the REUNION tomorrow!
