Title: Letter to representatives
Date: 2011-07-08 10:48
Author: andyreagan
Category: Sustainability
Slug: letter-to-representatives

How I start many posts, with the apology for lacks of posts, begins this
as well. I still need to write about a lot of things, but here's a
letter that I just sent to my representatives on behalf of
[peopleforbikes.org](http://peopleforbikes.org).

"The design of our built environment has a profound effect on our lives.
Livable communities, those that support walking and biking as means of
transportation, are healthier and more enjoyable places to live. It is a
changes that we make before we are forced to make them that are the most
difficult, and before we are forced to move ourselves more healthily and
sustainably this is a decision that still has benefits today.

Please support continuing, dedicated funding for bicycling and walking
programs in the next federal transportation bill.

These cost-effective investments are important to our community, our
state, our nation and me. They cost less than 1.5 percent of annual
federal transportation spending but fund 12 percent of all trips that
Americans make.

Last year Americans made more than four billion bicycle trips. A record
number were commutes to work and other short trips that would have
otherwise been made by car. This significant shift to biking and walking
not only reduces road congestion and air pollution, it promotes active
lifestyles that make Americans healthier and saves governments money on
road and parking construction and repairs.

Bike and pedestrian projects and programs funded by Transportation
Enhancements, Safe Routes to School, and Recreational Trails provide
tremendous bang for each buck. In 2010, federal money supported more
than 3,000 of them. These same dollars would build no more than 20 miles
of new multi-lane highway in a single location. Bike projects are also
particularly good for creating jobs.

Federal support is making bicycling and walking safer and providing
Americans with essential transportation choices. But we still have far
to go. We must not abandon this commitment now.

I urge you to contact your Transportation or Environment and Public
Works Committee leaders to let them know that you support continuing,
dedicated funding for biking and walking. Please protect the biking and
walking components of Transportation Enhancements, as well as the Safe
Routes to School, and Recreational Trails programs.

Thanks for standing up for me on this important issue.

Sincerely,

Andy Reagan"
