Title: I knew it all along
Date: 2011-09-13 00:11
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life
Slug: i-knew-it-all-along

During the past semester, I remember two specific instances in which my
habits seemed at odds with what I was trying to do on the surface, but I
had figured out that they were crucial to my success. In Eric Barker's
[blog](http://www.bakadesuyo.com), he has found science to back up each
of my claims.

Sleeping

Trying to wrap my brain around the abstract mathematics of number theory
to prove some difficult results, it was quite clear that I couldn't
think as deeply without enough sleep.  This was even something I
realized as early on as freshman year, doing homework late into the
night. After many nights of long proofs homeworks, I noticed the rampant
decline the quality of my thinking as the night drew on (quite evident
in my proofs as I looked back).

Sitting in number theory class, before the class started, Dr. Brown
heard some of the students complaining to eachother about how little
sleep they got. So he asked them how much sleep they got, and the
answers were around four hours. Perhaps he noticed my raised eyebrows,
because he asked me and when I said "8-9 hours" the class somewhat
gasped. How could he sleep so much and get anything done?? I could feel
the class thinking this as they stared at me, and I quickly appeased
this awe by remarking "every 3 days" in a laughing manner. But I really
was getting 8-9 hours of shut eye every night, and I was the one in awe
of how they could think with so little sleep.

Training

Trying to fit in training for road racing and tough course load
certainly isn't easy, and there are times when the homework pile is
high, but I need to get in a hard 3hr ride. I justified going on the
ride to myself with the feeling that these activities were not opposing,
but rather complementary.  I even literally said to myself during the
spring that strong body is a strong mind, again and again, and stuck to
that.  So firm was I in this belief, that I even wondered how one of my
teachers who clearly didn't exercise was handling advanced calculus.

The great news is, both of these feelings of mine are backed by
science!! So, I've been doing it right all along, according to the
experts. Here is the
article: <http://www.bakadesuyo.com/what-are-the-rules-your-brain-works-by>,
which is a summary of the book
<span style="text-decoration:underline;">Brain Rules</span> by John
Medina.

On this note, I'd like to propose another of my ideas as perhaps being
true: well I thought of it earlier, but...now it's 1AM and I've lost it.
See?

Haha that's all for now, night!

Actually, I thought hard (thought back to before I thought this thought,
a train that started on my ride home...and found it again!). Here it is:
we, as humans, are better adapted to gulp down room-temp water in large
quantities sporadically than sip cold water. Here's why: since I've been
running a lot, I've been real thirsty. And when I'm thirsty, the last
thing I want is cold water. My mouth and head get cold before I've drank
anything substantial. But when I have cool water in a big container
(re-used half gallon gatorade bottles, I swear by them, credit goes to
my Bro Kyle to turning me on to them), I sometimes drink the whole half
gallon. And having them sitting around for when I'm thirsty to gulp down
a quarter to half gallon allows me to stay well hydrated, throughout the
day. Who knows...lol.

There's already pretty good evidence we're evolved to run
(<http://www.ted.com/talks/christopher_mcdougall_are_we_born_to_run.html>),
so why not drink a lot of water?
