Title: Home! And another semester ends
Date: 2011-05-10 20:05
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: home-and-another-semester-ends

Needless to say, the aforementioned Tour de Franzia was a complete
success:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/tour-de-franzia-300x212.png "tour de franzia")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/tour-de-franzia.png)

And with that out the way, the conclusion of the spring semester flew
by.  I'm home in NY already, whilst most are still in Blacksburg taking
exams and celebrating graduation.  Every time I make the drive, I never
want to do it again.  But it's good to be home.

The night I got home, my Mom told me that she's found a 5k on Saturday,
and a bike race on Sunday for me to do! So I need to start training
apparently, and today I went for a bike ride and a trail run.  I went
and rode the steepest hills I could find, to prepare for the bike race
which goes up the steepest road I've ever ridden.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/bike-ride-300x180.png "bike ride")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/bike-ride.png)

As I turned onto Pleasant Valley Rd, there was a huge sign saying "Road
Closed 2 Miles" and I assumed it was construction so I didn't even
hesitate.  Riding along the "disappearing lake" in the valley, it was
higher than I've ever seen it, all the way right up to the road.
 Apparently, last month Syracuse had the wettest month on record, and
that was visible there.

After a couple miles, there were some cars pulled over, backing up the
wrong side of the road, and it was like wth is going on here.  As I
crested a small hill, I saw why:

[caption id="attachment\_2271" align="aligncenter" width="224"
caption="Pleasant Valley
Rd"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_20110510_115257-e1305127183609-224x300.jpg "IMG_20110510_115257")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_20110510_115257.jpg)[/caption]

I rolled down to the edge of the water, passing all of the suburbans
that were turning around.  A lady driving one told me that she had seen
some big trucks just go through, and it was up to their doors.  She was
basically telling me that I better turn around on my skinny tired road
bike, considering she wasn't even going to try in her unnecessarily
large vehicle.  I thought "weak" and pedaled into the lake.  My only
concern was drowning my powertap wheel, but it's supposed to be water
resistant.  As I rode further in, it got deeper, and my entire
drivetrain was underwater, my feet only emerging from the water at the
top of my pedalstroke.  As I neared the end and the water, shallowed, I
stood up and sprinted out of it. Chyeah!

Later on Pleasant Valley Rd, I felt pretty accomplished by cruising by a
tractor with three huge tillers in tow, but that's probably not too
impressive, his top speed is like 15MPH.  After that, I cruised up the
13 curves, rode around the high school, up Falls from the very bottom
(super steep climb) and beat a lift truck to the top!

 
