Title: Adventures!
Date: 2011-05-24 11:03
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: adventures

On Monday, May 24th (yesterday) Dan Z's friend Sam S from Brockport came
up to visit, and he had told me that she's outdoorsy and asked me to
think of something to do.  So, my idea was to kayak the 9 mile!  With
the logistical challenge of getting back to the cars to get the kayaks
after we were done, and Dan not understanding my solution of dropping
off bikes, we decided to just paddle around Otisco Lake.  Luckily Sam
had a kayak for Dan to use too.

When I went to leave, my brother couldn't find the keys to the Subaru
with the kayak on it, so I ended up taking the valet key. And, there was
no gas in the car so we had to fill up on the way.  But with all that
out of the way, we were headed over to Otisco Lake Park.

[caption id="attachment\_2306" align="aligncenter" width="199"
caption="Paddling
experts"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5780-e1306252687459-199x300.jpg "IMG_5780")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5780.jpg)[/caption]

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5777-300x199.jpg "IMG_5777")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5777.jpg)

What really made it interesting was the wind.  It was just another super
windy upstate NY day, but that also means big waves out on the lakes.
 The wind was strong enough yesterday to produce white-caps all across
the lake.  White caps are waves that break, like ocean waves, hence the
white.

Both Dan and Sam had her kayaks that were short and wide = slow and
stable.  Mine was long and narrow = fast and unstable.  I learned
quickly that every ounce of speed gained by a narrow, long kayak meant
an equal loss in stability.  We got about 100 feet out, and as I was
shouting to Dan how to paddle...not paying attention to my own kayak, I
had been spun parallel with the waves.

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="400" caption="Imagine
this...but with huge, breaking
waves"]![](http://andyreagan.files.wordpress.com/2011/05/pa031699.jpg?w=300 "Otisco_lake_from_kayak")[/caption]

As I was still shouting to Dan, a big wave hit me from the side and
before I could finish the sentence I was underwater.  I used the paddle
to flip right back up, but I had taken on so much water from the
previous wave that I was immediately hit by another wave and back
underwater.  A swing of the paddle and I was back up, but another wave
before I could get a word out and I was underwater again.  It was kinda
fun, but after the kayak was entirely full of water, I bailed.

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="351" caption="A little scary
knowing this thing was lurking
below"]![](http://i141.photobucket.com/albums/r55/Smeltecca/musky.jpg "otisco_fish")[/caption]

With the help of Sam and Dan, I floated/swam/hung-on-to-dans-kayak back
to shore, and dumped out the water.  Dan and Sam had also taken on some
water, and they drained their kayaks as well.  We set out toward the
spillway at the northern end of the lake, going with the wind.

Not more than a few hundred feet away, I needed to turn around a small
peninsula and in the process go parallel with the waves.  And before I
knew it, I was flipping over again.  The other two were a hundred or so
feet ahead, and I couldn't help just laughing as they looked back to see
me standing in waist-deep water next to the kayak again.  Since I could
touch, I dragged it to shore, and off we went again.

Two spills early, and I had learned how to handle the kayak in rough
water the hard way.  I didn't flip it again, nor did I let the boat get
sideways.

Approaching the spillway, Sam was thinking about going over it.

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="250" caption="Without a
helmet, I'm glad she didn't (it's not this big
though)"]![](http://www.arrowsmithwaterservice.ca/vimages/arrowsmith_dam_spillway.jpg "Spillway")[/caption]

From there, we decided to attempt going back up the west shore.  I again
needed to dump water out of the kayak, and they took off.  In my sleeker
kayak though, I chased down the 200ft between in a matter of like one
minute.  As we got out into the waves, I was a few feet ahead, but
didn't dare looking behind me...if it threw me off balance for half a
second I would be underwater with these waves.  And to maintain a line
that was close to perpendicular, I had to paddle pretty hard.  And so I
kept going at it, trying to stay afloat, for awhile.  By the time I'd
found somewhere to pull off, I was exhausted.  I beached the boat on a
nice shoreline (the first one I'd got to).  It was someone's camp, and I
went to up and asked the dude up top if he minded if I hung out for a
few minutes on his deck.  He was cool, and I came back down to look for
my comprades.  But I couldn't see them at all.  I unloaded all the gear
from my kayak, remembering that I had taken the gatorade, score!  And I
explored the woods for a little while in my five fingers looking for a
place to pee, and found a cool waterfall actually.

After all of this, I looked out off the dock again, and could barely
make out two bobbing yellow dots...their paddles! I was glad to see
them, as I worried they had given up on this shore and headed back, but
they were coming.  However, they were a really long way away, into
strong waves and headwind.  So I laid out, put my bright kayak where it
was visible from the lake, and took a nap.  Eventually they made it in,
having been worried that I flipped or something along the way.  We all
took a rest, and decided how to cross the lake.  I had to take sharp
angles against the waves, or would take on too much water, so my choices
were to circumnavigate the whole lake, or take a diagonal across.  They
were slower, but could also go straight across in their kayaks.  So, I
set out to take the long way, and they went straight back to the park.

 

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="385" caption="As I recall, the
waves were nearly this large!
(kidding)"]![](http://amazingdata.com/mediadata21/Image/funny_amazing_cool_cute_surfer-wipeouts18200907221424301900.jpg "Wave")[/caption]

It was a long haul, paddling hard the entire time on a long path
diagonally across the lake, but I kept my sights set on a nice patch of
shoreline.  Eventually I made it there, and went right onto the beach.
Rest!  I needed to dump the kayak again, and set off along the east
shore, with the waves and the wind.

Naturally, going with the waves should have been easier, but boy was
that wrong.  I think that I was going much faster, but every time a wave
hit the back of my boat, it took all of my effort to not let it spin my
parallel with the wave.  Since I had some angle to the waves at my back,
they kept grabbing the back and trying to spin it.  So again I fought
really hard all the way back....and by the time I was approaching the
park, I was exhausted.  The other two were pulling their kayaks out, and
I saw Sam jump in for a swim.  By the time I rolled up they were both
headed back to the cars, but I went for a good dip in the water, it felt
amazing.  I'd gotten a great workout.

After we loaded the kayaks I found a dry shirt for Dan and it was off to
Subway! Footlong chicken terriyaki never tasted so good.

![](http://www.webanswers.com/post-images/2/20/10382A1E-1605-852D-B4DB11A3012E8D0E.jpg "Subway")

Back at Dan's I couldn't convince Sam to come trail running with me in
her matching [five
fingers](http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2316/2345080258_2bdb6bf081.jpg),
she had to get back to Buffalo that night. Bummer.  It wasn't until I
went outside though until I realized I'd locked the valet key in the
car.  Crap.  Barefoot, I jogged back home, thinking that Kyle would have
found the other key by then, and I'd go back and get the car.

He hadn't found it yet though, and I accidentally threw the Zdanowskis
for a loop.  They saw me leave their house, but 5 minutes later noticed
my car was still there...and I wasn't answering my cell phone (it was in
the car!) They thought that maybe I had been kidnapped! Eventually I
called AAA to get the car unlocked, and they were supposed to give me
5min notice before they got there.  But the dude only called me when he
was at their house, so I sprinted down there (barefoot!) and caught him
as he was finishing up. Before I got there though, Mrs. Zdanowski came
outside to see a guy breaking into my car, and still had no idea what
had happened to me. The AAA dude told her that "he locked his keys in
the car..." though and we were all good.

![](http://www.buzzle.com/img/articleImages/513024-26013-5.jpg "Keys in car")

What a crazy day!! It was a lot of fun, and today my goals are: mow
lawn, trail run with my new Garmin watch that should be showing up,
finish my spring research summary (check!), go get the Droid Pro so I'll
have a reliable cell, disc golfing with Zdan at 3, and then Quaker Steak
and Lube with a bunch of ppl for dinner!

 
