Title: 3Sports Triathlon
Date: 2011-07-18 09:46
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: 3sports-triathlon

I had an awesome weekend travelling to Richmond with Stefanie and Chad,
and staying with Grayson to compete in the 3Sports Triathlon.  The
course was flat and fast, allowing Stefanie and I to PR for a sprint
placing 2nd and 3rd in our age groups, with Grayson taking the overall
win!!
Results: <http://www.setupevents.com/files/3Sports_AGMen_2011.html>

#### Swim

Again a pool swim, although much more hectic than Christiansburg. At a
YMCA, the pool was 25 meters long, and we did a snake course through the
whole pool.  The biggest difference was the width of the lanes, which
was barely wide enough for two people (going opposite directions), which
made passing in the open very difficult.  I didn't actually pass anyone
at all.  Regardless, I survived this worst-of-leg of the triathlon, and
headed for my bike.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_swim.jpg "me_swim")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_swim.jpg)

#### Bike

Setting up for the triathlon the day before, I spent quite some time
making sure that the mats lining the long jog to the bike were straight,
and it was nice to not have to run like a drunk person to avoid hitting
the gravel barefoot.  I put my biking shoes and helmet on, and took off
running with my bike.  I also threw a spare tube and tire lever in my
back pocket, just in case I had a flat I could still finish the race.

The third time is not the charm for getting on the bike correctly, as
Chad graciously shouted whilst I attempted to hop on the bike directly
in front of the mount line... but regardless I got going eventually.  It
felt infinitely better to be on my own bike, although it would've been
sweet to have bar end shifters again.  About a mile out, we crossed a
torn up road, and I made sure to bunny hop the sharp edge on the other
side.  You may wonder, did Andy leave his aero position for a mid-turn
bunny hop? The answer is a resounding no.  I didn't leave my aero
position the entire race except to shift and move my helmet up
periodically with my right hand.  And once I got in the drops to power
up a hill.  The course was very very gently rolling, and I felt like I
was going fast, but struggling with having the power on the crests, too
much running... Turns out my avg speed was a meager 22mph, but hey I'll
take it.

[caption id="attachment\_2355" align="aligncenter" width="385"
caption="Aero!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_bike.jpg "me_bike")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_bike.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="" align="aligncenter" width="280" caption="But not quite
like this, I'd been looking at this picture on the way down to set up my
bike
ha."]![](http://cdn.mos.bikeradar.com/images/news/2008/08/30/dz-280-75.jpg "Zabriske TT")[/caption]

Coming into transition, I was again way too fast, and coming up to 20ft
from the dismount line at 20MPH after railing the corner wasn't ideal.
As I performed a reverse (right side) cyclocross dismount, I locked my
rear wheel and slid up the dismount line. Wish I had that on video, a
locked disc wheel dismount!  I didn't realize until after the race that
my disc wheel cover, which had been graciously loaned to me by Tyler
Gorney, had come unclipped in two places.  I'm hoping it was during the
skid, and not the race, but either way didn't matter much.

Getting ready for the run felt like it took me forever, and the second
transistion was the part of my race that I am least happy with. We spend
many hours training for the sports, I should've spent 30min practicing
transition at some point. Grayson's transitions were together 1:36
faster than mine, and I would've been at exactly an hour. Chad
apparently yelled at me to stop lighting a campfire or something haha.

#### Run

My legs were hurting on the bike, so I was worried about the run,
especially considering my past two experiences with running in
triathlons (both terrible).  But somehow, my legs felt strong as soon as
I got going (which, took a long time).  I put down the first mile at
sub-7 pace and was feeling great.  In fact, the only person who passed
me was doing a relay (they didn't swim or bike, so doesn't count).  He
was freakin hauling, and maybe I should've pushed myself to keep up.
Being conservative, I held my comfortable barely sub-7 pace for the
remainder, ramping it up for the finish.

[caption id="attachment\_2356" align="aligncenter" width="256"
caption="Actually
running"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_run.jpg "me_run")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_run.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_2357" align="aligncenter" width="258"
caption="Across the
line!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_run2.jpg "me_run2")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/me_run2.jpg)[/caption]

#### Overall

I finished 3rd place in my age category, with a first in my age category
in the bike.  Overall, not as impressive, a 32nd overall with 20th
overall bike.  I just looked at female results, and unfortunately, I got
chicked as well (1 on the bike, 2 overall...).

I left my award in the Setup Events truck after tearing down, so Kevin
should be mailing it to me soon! It's a picture frame, and I'm hoping
that we get a picture from one of the photographers on course for free
to put in it? Not sure, hope there's a good pic if there is.

As I was tearing down, two noteworthy things happened.  I could hear
from the awards tent my number called, so I ran over there to see what
was up.  They were giving out door prizes I think, but I went up the guy
with the mic, and they gave me the mic, but I'm not sure what for.  I
didn't know what was going on, so I was about to start thanking my
friends and family for this great honor, but they realized I was working
the event and gave the prize to someone else.  Idk what it was haha.
 Also, Chad found a pair of white frame, black lense oakleys left in the
transition area.  They were in pretty rough shape, but unless someone
claims them, they're mine for now! Wore them to work today lol.

The ride back to BBurg was good (I drove the whole weekend) and Stefanie
got the gas so a big thanks to her!

Here's a picture of Grayson laying down the fatest bike leg, and
Stefanie out on the run course:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/grayson-300x200.jpg "grayson")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/grayson.jpg)[](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/stefanie.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/stefanie-199x300.jpg "stefanie")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/stefanie.jpg)

And now, back to work!
