Title: Being Home and Training
Date: 2011-05-20 10:31
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: being-home-and-training

I've been home for almost two weeks now, and have actually been getting
in some awesome training.  Even despite the NY weather. So I figured I
would write about it.  I should be ready for the [Tour de
Syracuse](http://tourdesyracuse.com/) this weekend with all the riding
I've been getting in, and after initially thinking about doing only the
[criterium](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_vf8BIKn-LNI/S8hdY3e_DRI/AAAAAAAAANI/z906hun1hSg/s1600/634063476333055300-CriteriumRacing.jpg),
I'm leaning toward entering the
[omnium](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omnium) (crit, RR, and TT). To
make up for a lack of pix, I've included lots of links!

##### Monday's Ride

I got up earlier than I think I have all break to meet Anna Young, who I
met at [Syracuse Bicycle](http://syracusebicycle.com/), to go on a ride
around the [Tour de Syracuse](http://tourdesyracuse.com/) road race
course.  It was raining, and there was no way I would've been going out
for a ride myself.  After getting lost on the way there, and finally
finding my way thanks to Droid, we ended up riding for about two hours
and 35 miles.  The rain ligthened up during our ride, and still when it
was raining hard, my [Shower's Pass
jacket](http://www.showerspass.com/catalog/men/mens-jackets/mens-club-pro-jacket)
kept me warm in the 50deg temps.  The ride was fun, we got lost a couple
times, but managed to find the race course.  It's hilly.  After lap 1
Anna was cold, so we didn't do a second lap, but climbed [Song
Mt](http://www.songmountain.com/) for a second time before calling it a
day.

##### Tuesday

Again it was raining, and I was planning on going up to the [Onondaga
Cycling Club](http://onondagacyclingclub.org/)'s Tuesday Night Time
Trial that they put on every Tuesday. But with the weather, and the 40
minute drive, I didn't feel like going all the way up to [North
Syracuse](http://maps.google.com/maps?q=north+syracuse&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=North+Syracuse,+Onondaga,+New+York&gl=us&z=14)
for a 10 mile ride.

So, I went down to the park and ran for just over an hour.  I felt great
running, and could've gone even longer.  Highlights of the run included
showing off to the kids playing basketball by [throwing one
down](http://theswamp51.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/dwighthowardsupermandunk.jpg)
as a I ran by, then lifting up a really little kid so he could [put one
in](http://www.reeec.illinois.edu/images/fulbright/2007/week2/BBallKidDunk.jpg),
and near the end of the run saving a [gigantic snapping
turtle](http://www.lvmvideo.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/snapper_megan.jpg)
from getting ran over!

##### Wednesday

After sleeping in and starting the
[breadmaker](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/Medieval_baker.jpg),
I headed out for a long ride. I wasn't sure where I was going, but
meandered my way over to
[Manlius](http://maps.google.com/maps?q=manlius+ny&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=Manlius,+Onondaga,+New+York&gl=us&z=13)
to use the \$25 gift certificate I won for [Bike Loft
East](http://bikeloft.com/).  I picked up a neat little
[multi-tool](http://media.rei.com/media/718804_9996Lrg.jpg) and a couple
[honey stinger
waffles](http://shop.honeystinger.com/products/Honey-Organic-Stinger-Waffle.html)
that I've heard good things about.  Since I'd ridden close to 30 miles
and forgot to bring food, the stinger waffles were delicious and fueled
me home.  The guys at the shop gave me an alternate route to taking 173
all the way home, and it was a beautiful ride.

Right as I had left, it started misting, but during parts of my ride it
cleared up, and by the end it was an awesome day out.  I went all the
way over to route 20, probably close to 70MPH down it
from[Lafayette](http://maps.google.com/maps?q=Lafayette,+NY&ie=UTF8&hq=&hnear=LaFayette,+Onondaga,+New+York&gl=us&z=14),
and then was going to come back to hit Cedarvale so I didn't have to
take East Seneca Turnpike.  But, I was unsure if the left turns that I
saw were right, so I didn't take any of them and ended up back in the
valley after all that work.  I didn't mind though, and went up the big
hill out of the valley, and was going to take Cedarvale down the curves
and into [Marcellus](http://marcellusny.com/), then come back up the
Turnpike, but Del called me wanting to run, so I headed straight back on
the turnpike.  Here's a map of the ride (from my
[Twitter](http://twitter.com/andyreagan)):

"Map of my ride, 57mi! MapMyRUN: <http://soc.li/iJEk3qV>"

I had time to make an awesomely huge PBJ
([http://t.co/SC88pl](http://t.co/SC88plf "http://twitpic.com/4zdmdw"))
and then Del and I went on a pretty fast run.  I didn't realize Del was
such a runner, and for some reason I was going really fast in the
beginning to see what he had.   Pretty sure that after my ride, I was
hurting more than he was at high pace, so we relaxed and went for a
friendly jog.  Here's our run:
".[@ryandelguidice](http://twitter.com/ryandelguidice) and I's run
today: MapMyRUN: <http://soc.li/w4qidrK>"

##### Thursday

My legs definitely needed a rest, and they got  it Thursday.  I didn't
do jack s\*\*\*.  Although I did manage to plow through [Born to
Run](http://www.amazon.com/Born-Run-Hidden-Superathletes-Greatest/dp/0307266303)
by Christopher McDougall, [mow the
lawn](http://www.americanconsumernews.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/04/lawn.jpg),
help my Dad take back an elliptical to [Sports
Authority](http://www.sportsauthority.com/), and get a sweet new watch
out of the deal.

The book was awesome, coming recommended to me by Bill Bell, and I would
highly encourage others to read it.  It's a great story.  If you're a
runner or not, I can't imagine that after reading you won't want to run
barefoot through the woods. Okay, maybe not barefoot, or in the woods,
but "pounding the pavement" is definitely not what you'll learn running
is.

New watch: we'd had the elliptical for over a month, so they gave us
store credit on the return.  We used a little bit to pick up resistance
bands that my dad needed and a yoga mat for me.  I'm not the impulse
buyer at all, as opposed to my Dad who definitely is.  Looking at GPS
watches they had there for running his strategy was "try and return" but
I wanted to research more.  And I think he wanted to get me a pair of
basketball shoes, but for the amount I play...the lack of tread on mine
isn't that big of a deal.  Anyway, when we got home, I was super eager
to research watches online to help spend his store credit.  But first, I
had to knock down half of the lawn and pick my stuff up around the
house.  So, after looking around online, I naturally settled on the
nicest watch that Garmin makes.  It'll be awesome to run with, on trails
and everywhere, and it's made to snap right on the bike too.  And Sports
Authority carried it online...done deal.  Check it out:

[![](http://c1.adoctane.net/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/Garmin-Forerunner-310XT-4-580x435.jpg "Garmin Forerunner 310XT")](http://www.gadgetreview.com/2009/10/garmin-forerunner-310xt-review.html)

And click on the above image for more pics and some dude's review of it.
 I signed up for free two day shipping as a promo offer from
[ShopRunner](http://www.shoprunner.com/) and so hopefully it should be
coming soon!

##### Friday (today)

It's already 11:30, but I hope to sneak in an opener workout and work on
a write-up of my research from this semester, which I've been
procrastinating.

Oh! Other news: I got a 3.60 on the semester!! I'm very pleased with
this result, scoring an A- in Advanced Calculus, A in Numerical
Analysis, a B in Number Theory, and an A- in C++.  I'm
only disappointed with the C++, but eh not too bad really.  My
cumulative GPA is currently a 3.64.  The real test of my entire
undergraduate awaits...real analysis in the fall. And hopefully I should
be hearing back about the [BS/MS
program](http://www.math.vt.edu/ugAccel.php) soon.

Ciao!
