Title: Long runs and home MTB race weekend
Date: 2011-09-12 23:55
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: long-runs-and-home-mtb-race-weekend

Highlights of this past week definitely include the two long runs I went
on and an awesome weekend of mountain biking race right here in
Blacksburg.

I took recovery days on MWF, and they were well needed. I came off of 12
straight days of hard training, and needed Monday off for sure. And not
only that, had I wanted to train, I was SOL, because I was doing work
alllll day long. Tuesday I went on my fastest long run yet, laying down
some 7's early on and feeling strong enough to hold a 7:30 pace for the
whole run. Tired from that awesome run, and planning long on Thursday I
definitely needed Wednesday off. I was going to go to Baker's Dozen but
my warm bed and the snooze button were too much. On Thursday I took off
before swim practice on what ended up being my longest run yet, and my
legs were tired from the effort on Tuesday for sure. I ran nice and
slow, and was running for quite a long time. Definitely hurting towards
the end, I managed to hang on. Then Friday I was lucky to walk, after
2:40 of running the way before, and had a hard MTB race weekend to be
ready for. And, I was doing work for all of Friday until I went to bed
at 10PM anyway. It was a sleep, class, HW, eat, HW, run, HW kinda week.

The mountain bike race weekend was a lot of fun, and the highlight is
definitely my second place in the short track. The results from the
uphill and downhill have yet to be posted, which sucks, but we'll see
how those went soon hopefully. I went up Old Farm hard, but was so tired
near the top that my technical skills began to falter and I didn't even
have the legs to run so I had to walk a couple sections. So my time is
probably so-so, something in the 16 minute range. The Short Track was
just a boatload of fun, because it was an awesome course to ride, and to
spectate. I had as much fun screaming for our riders in the other races
as I did in my own. In our race, I got stuck behind a hole shot crash
but stayed in the big ring the whole race, pulling in all but two people
eventually. For the last four or so laps, I was staying about the same
distance behind an ASU rider, but come the last lap, I gave it all and
brought him in to 50 meters by the final uphill stretch. Digging deep
for a sprint when all I wanted to do was coast, I managed to catch and
pass him on the steep part of the finish, lapping Kelly in the process,
and nabbing 2nd place. The only guy who I hadn't caught hadn't done the
uphill race...so he's a wimp anyway.

On the downhill, I was very relieved to find that it was not mass-start
(aka death) and went as fast as I ever have down Farm. I hit one tree,
and came off my bike, but was fine although I lost quite some time to
stop and put the chain back on. The Dual Slalom is not my event, and it
was fun to watch people hit the jumps, but I kept my tires earthbound
and quickly lost my first matchup.

Sunday was the day for the cross country at Mountain Lake, and with Ben
Warren offering me a set of carbon handlebars for a first place, I was
ready to crush the course that I knew like the back of my hand. And I
did just that. UNTIL... I got attacked by bee's. Getting third into the
trail, I passed Jacob and the other dude in front of me, and knowing my
way had opened up a small lead. I had heard rumors of bee's attacking in
this section, and being the first person coming through after the
A-train was not the place to be. Everyone else got stung too, and it
actually turned into quite a fiasco with 4 ambulances showing up and
some severe allergic reactions, but everyone was okay. I felt three
sharp stings on my left calf (maybe 4) and swatted at my calf to no
avail, and kept going to avoid more stings. Instantly my calf was in bad
shape, it stung like a mother to push down hard on the pedals and it may
have been swelling, but I wasn't really looking. Hurting, I got passed
gradually by what was most of the B field, and was seriously considering
stopping after the first lap because I did NOT want to get hit again.

Feeling the stings in my leg as I approached that section again, I
relaxed before it in preparation to sprint it. I got out of the saddle
and went, but my rear tire slipped on a rock and I bashed my knee into
my fork really hard, and that ended up being the lasting injury. It is
still swollen (late Mon night) but was okay for a 5mi run this morning.
I luckily didn't get stung again, and cruised to the finish, now the
pain coming mostly from my bashed quad.

They stings hurt real real bad, I was getting waves of goosebumps, so I
iced and put some stuff on them (not sure what it was) that helped a
little, before driving home. All in all, another weekend without any
major injury is a good weekend of mountain bike racing, and we had some
pretty solid results as a team (recap on http://www.cycling.org.vt.edu
will be posted soon hopefully).
