Title: William and Mary Weekend
Date: 2011-02-20 21:01
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: william-and-mary-weekend

Firstly, I didn't crash this past weekend.  So, already more successful
than last year! Unfortunately (or, fortunately since there were some
crashes later in the race) my chain broke 12 miles into the road race.
 I had stood up to climb, felt it snap, and there was nothing I could do
but watch it slinky off my derailer and the field move around me up the
hill.  I caught a ride back with the wheel truck, and watched other
races while waiting for my time trial later in the day.

[caption id="attachment\_2130" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Right up till the chain
broke"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/RR-300x149.png "RR")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/RR.png)[/caption]

I donned the speedsuit and areo-helmet for the TT, but ACCC Conference
Director Kevin Long made a "judgement call" and didn't allow aero
helmets.  The rules state two things for TT's: gear must be mass-start
legal, and that no aero gear is allowed.  But there is no metric by
which a helmet, wheel or frame is deemed to be more "aero" than any
other in the rule book.  So for the past two years, the rule of
mass-start legal has been what we've gone by.  People were allowed to do
the time trial with frames and wheels that were much more aerodynamic
than my own, and helmets that may have been more aero than my Giro
Prolight...but I wasn't allowed to wear my Giro Advantage 2 helmet.  I
thought it was a pretty shitty call, because there isn't any metric by
which it was controlled, and it was made at the very last minute.  If
it's voted into the  rule book that a helmet "can't extend x cm behind
the head" then that would have been fine by me, but Kevin was just
making things up as he went, IMHO.

Anyway, I dialed it in at an average of 305W (not being able to hold my
goal of 330) and finished 13th of 40-some overall. Not too bad, but just
out of the points by a few seconds.  Second that I would have had with
an aero helmet...but oh well.  Average speed of 22.5mph for the 13
miles.  I averaged more in both the C and B crit on Sunday with really
uneven efforts, I just must not be able to push so hard into the pain by
myself in the TT.

[caption id="attachment\_2131" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Warm up, TT, cool down. Looks like a pretty steady
effort"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/TT-300x150.png "TT")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/TT.png)[/caption]

The crit on Sunday was super fun, and I felt great.  Even ended up
riding most of the Men's B crit, then going for a 30min run.  About 10
minutes into the race, with two people solo out front of the group and
the race pretty much strung out, there was a lead group of about 15
including 5 of us from VT.  Jake A got on the front and was going really
hard, and I was second wheel so I eased up and let him ride away from
the group, thinking that he was strong enough to hold a break and
hopefully sprint the finish, I knew he really wanted to do well.  He got
about 100m out front before anyone from the group realized I was
blocking, and they sprinted after him.  Two guys got out and bridged the
gap, while I just tried to cover.  I could see Jake pulling for all he
was worth those two guys around, and they opened up a reasonable gap.  I
was worried though because I hadn't seen him off the front of that group
though.  The four remaining Tech guys in the group did a good job of not
going to hard to catch Jake, and not letting anyone get away to bridge
solo.  The idea is to keep the pace relaxed when on the front, and if
someone else wants to sprint away and catch the lead group, I pull the
rest of our group up to him so he will have to pull the *whole* group up
the lead group if he wants to go.  That's blocking, and covering
attacks.  It's generally not too hard, since the goal is to go easier on
the front, but covering attacks can be tough.  Will did some pretty
strong pulling, which I was kinda worried about, but not so hard that we
caught Jake.  With 5 laps to go, and Jake a decent ways away, Andy W
attacked and got a gap.  The pace of our group went crazy, and the rest
went after him.  I sat on the guys chasing Andy, and they did catch him.
 I was slightly surprised that Andy couldn't hold the attack, I thought
he would.  With two laps to go, we really picked it up and the race was
on for the finish.  One lap to go, and I got into great position, third
wheel behind two Navy guys.  One was trying to lead the other out...but
he was bringin me too! He pulled off for the straightaway sprint, Navy
sprinted and I hit it to his right side, sprinting hard by him to the
line.

It was awesome to win the sprint, although there were four people out
front so I only got 5th, but that didn't matter. Jake got fourth, which
was okay but I would've hoped he'd won the sprint for 2nd or 3rd.  Andy
W was on my wheel, and came in 7th.  As a team, we really controlled the
race, and I think everyone was really happy about it.  I set a new
sprint power, at 1422W, nearly two horsepower! And that was in my small
ring...

[caption id="attachment\_2129" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The C Crit, lots of surging! Notice two big spikes near the
end, one to cover and attack and the other for the
sprint!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/C_Crit-300x150.png "C_Crit")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/C_Crit.png)[/caption]

Since I felt like I hadn't worked all too hard, I sat in the back of the
B crit for as long as I could hang on.  Having started at the very back,
I was getting sling shot real bad through the corners, and having to
work really hard to get around people getting dropped...so I might have
done better had I been in the group to start, but that race really
kicked my ass.  Looking at the power data, it appears that I worked just
as hard in the C crit as I did in the B, though it didn't feel like it
all, that is actually really encouraging since I was actually pretty
tired doing that second crit.  Afterwards I went on a run with Andy W
and that felt good as well, but boy my legs are tired.

[caption id="attachment\_2128" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="I hung in as long as I could...notice the scale on the left,
those peaks are all up above
600"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/B_Crit-300x149.png "B_Crit")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/B_Crit.png)[/caption]

On the way back we stopped at Red Robin, and I got a call from my Dad
and found out that he overdid it playing bball, and is okay but in the
hospital tonight.  Thinking about him has made it hard to study, but I'm
really glad that he is doing okay and may even be coming home tomorrow.
 I have a really really tough week, just bad timing...so I'm thinking
about going home for the weekend, but I'll see how things go.  Here's a
picture for you dad:

[caption id="attachment\_152" align="aligncenter" width="271"
caption="we love you, glad that you're
okay!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/aboutme_pic.jpg "aboutme_pic")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/03/aboutme_pic.jpg)[/caption]

That's all for now, back to studying!!
