Title: Amberations Race
Date: 2011-05-15 19:47
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: amberations-race

Today I won a bike race, the very same race that was the first one I
ever did, which was pretty cool.  Three years ago, Bill Bell talked me
into doing this race that raises money for
[Amberations](http://www.amberations.org/), and that first year I got a
flat.  Having raced three seasons of collegiate cycling with [Virginia
Tech](http://www.cycling.org.vt.edu/), I've gained some fitness over the
years. And I've learned that going out to the bars and getting 4hrs of
sleep for 2 nights before races is very beneficial.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5705-e1305496656484-176x300.jpg "IMG_5705")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5705.jpg)

It was pouring rain for the whole race, which was actually pretty short,
only taking a total of 50:11. At the start, I went hard on the front
hoping to lose anyone that shouldn't be there, and succeeded well, as
the group had somehow splintered to 5. The real challenge of the course
which circles Otisco Lake is the short, steep climb on Churchill Rd.
 The roads takes a 150 degree turn, and then its 20% grade for .2 miles.
 Doesn't sound long, but that part is freaking steep.  It continues
upward at a sligthly more reasonable grade for another half mile or so,
then it's downhill (plus a few rollers) to the finish.  When we hit the
hill, I took off, and was about two minutes ahead of the next guy at the
top where my fan crew was stationed.

[caption id="attachment\_2287" align="aligncenter" width="290"
caption="Thanks for the
support!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5710-e1305496997699-290x300.jpg "IMG_5710")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5710.jpg)[/caption]

Since I knew I had a pretty big lead, I crushed it even harder for the
remainder of the race, all the while hoping to open enough of a lead to
have time to change a flat, since that's the only way I wasn't winning
now.  As I approached the finish line, there was no one in sight so I
eased up a little for my final sprint.  Since I had been by myself, I'd
been throwing down some attacks against myself earlier.  I came within
sight of the line, and opened it up for my self-lead out.  I then pulled
off of myself lead-out man and sprinted through the line, sprinting away
from the invisible peleton.

The race organizer was on her way to the finish line to tell the timers
that they should expect finishers in 5-10 minutes, so it sounds like I
opened a course record in a downpour! It was three or four minutes
before the next guy came through. :-P

The trophy is pretty sweet, and I got some cool schwag, including a
t-shirt from and \$25 to [Bike Loft East](http://bikeloft.com/), 6 ice
creams at [Carvel North Syracuse](http://www.carvelnorthsyracuse.com), 6
games of bowling at [AMF Strike 'N Spare
Lanes](http://amfcenters.com/strikensparelanesny), and a water bottle:

[caption id="attachment\_2288" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Schwag! The wheel on trophy
spins"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5716-300x199.jpg "IMG_5716")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/IMG_5716.jpg)[/caption]

Altogether it was a lot of fun, and I feel accomplished to have won the
same race that had been my first.  I recommend this ride/race to
everyone! I'll see if I can get my Mom to do it next year, after I
successfully transform her into an age-group-dominating triathlete...
Here's the organization's website again: <http://www.amberations.org/>

#### Bonus Pictures

And here's the rest of what was on camera too!

[gallery link="file" order="DESC"]
