Title: Horseback riding, EPIC mountain biking and Spandex Classic
Date: 2011-04-03 20:56
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: horseback-riding-epic-mountain-biking-and-spandex-classic

First, I've got really awesome news: I'm going to be in Blacksburg this
summer for the Modeling and Simulation in Systems Biology (MSSB) Reseach
Experience for Undergraduates (REU) at the Virginia Bioinformatics
Institute (VBI)!! In short, the MSSB REU @VBI.  I'd been waiting a long
time to hear about where I was going to be this summer, and am really
glad that I got this.  Researching biology could be where I'm
headed...we'll see.

And I've been working really hard these past few weeks on homework and
stuff, so having this past weekend off of racing was good as well.
 Although I definitely still got in some awesome riding.

#### Friday

After finishing up HW and class, I spent pretty much all day running
around with Ruthie (her running me around really, she was driving) and I
rode her horse Scribby, we bottled beer, and all in all it was a really
fun afternoon.  This is the second time I've ridden, and it actually was
pretty scary this time.  Ruthie has been leading me around on the horse
so far, and at the end she was just walking next to me on the horse, and
we split up a little bit.  Then Scribby decided to go the other way, and
it's all a blur now, but before I knew it, I was out of the stirrups
galloping across the ring.  I pulled tighter on the reins, and got
scribby to stop before hitting the fence, then he ran again, this whole
time me thinking about whether or not I should just jump off, but
somehow I balanced and stayed on, and by pulling hard on one rein got
Scribby to stop until Ruthie could get there.  So...no riding solo for
me yet.  This whole riding horses thing isn't nearly as simple as it
looks.  I lean my bike right, and we go right.  A horse is a whole
different animal.  We also made it downtown to see Kati riding for Bike
and Build, ran like a thousand other errands, and bottled beer and made
dinner before I called it a night.

#### Saturday: Epic Ride

Riding in hail and a 30mph headwind, crossing rivers, climbing up into
the storm itself, and across the rocky ridgeline of Dragon's Back was
quite the feat. Andy W, George, and myself definitely got more than we
bargained for out there, but we made it back and it was actually a lot
of fun.  We set out at 9AM, planning a four hour ride, and didn't get
home till 6:30PM hungry and frozen.  I rode Dave's 29er, which was
sweet, and I think I'm going to buy it to ride this summer.

As soon as we started, and were on 311 heading toward the trailhead, it
went from sunny to blistering headwind and hail.  The hail stung like no
other on my legs, and it was so so cold that I was definitely thinking
that we might not be able to attempt this.  When we got onto the gravel
road it felt warmer, the hail held off, but the "3 stream crossings"
turned out to be 6 attempts at crossing this huuge stream.  It was fun,
the strategy by the end was just to get as much speed as possible and
bomb into the water.  Once the wave from hitting the water collapsed
back, we would get totally soaked and it was so deep that at one point I
was pedaling with the whole drivetrain underwater.  I wonder if Shimano
designs for that...

After a lot more riding on fire road, we saw Kirby (who was helping put
on the race the next day) driving, which was good timing.  We thought
that we had passed the trailhead by our mileage, and we were right, he
told us it was 1.5mi back.  I think we at 16mi at that point.  The climb
up to the top of the ridge wasn't that rediculous, and we made it up
pretty quick.  The riding on the ridge was awesome, super rocky and
gorgeous views.  Some parts were so steep and long that it wasn't the
technical skills that made it hard, but having the fitness to pount for
10 minutes up those super steep climbs.  We could see the ridge the
whole way out, and they call it Dragon's Back because it looks like the
back of a dragon, with all the spikes along the top.  Those were what we
were going up and down.  We were literally on the ridge too, it was
steep down on both sides and we could see the mountains on either side
of us.  It was also pretty cool that we were up along the cloud line,
and when we're in the storm up top, it was snowing but not hard, like we
were riding through the snow that was barely falling.

Andy and I bonked pretty hard, and the last few climbs were really
tough.  George was crushing it, but eventually his legs gave out too.
 Kirby caught up with as he was marking the route, and we all rode back
which was cool.  The front derailer cable on Dave's bike finally bit the
dust entirely at the end, and I could only use the smallest ring...but I
didn't want more!

[caption id="attachment\_2211" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Andy W and George, we just got onto the ridgeline. Not the one
picture I would think of from this ride, it was so beautiful with
mountains on both sides as we went across the ridge, and the walls of
water looked sweet when we bombed into the river crossings...but oh
well."][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/IMG_20110402_131141-e1301938163910-300x224.jpg "Dragon's_Back_Ride")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/IMG_20110402_131141-e1301938163910.jpg)[/caption]

 

 

<span style="font-weight:bold;">Saturday night: Spandex Classic</span>

A tradition in the Blacksburg cycling community, Spandex Classic
consists of an impromptu, costume themed, le mans start, single speed, 3
lap race of the Drillfield with a huge "awards ceremony" that follows.
 This year's rendition was organized largely by Will Massey and myself,
and it was major success.  I rode in on the trike, with my single speed
over my shoulder, in full Spartan gear for a pretty epic entrance.
 Though I was tired from 6 hours of ridiculously hard mountain biking,
so my legs weren't quite up to the challenge of winning it, but Will
Massey came through (traffic) for the win!  Next year...

#### Sunday

Today hasn't been very productive, but I went on a really fun group ride
to the River and back with the triathlon team.  There was a huge
turnout, as they're preparing for Nationals next weekend, and having
that many triathletes on aero bikes riding in close proximity was
definitely scary, but got better towards the end.  Triathletes, not to
hate, aren't used to riding in big groups and it gets pretty hairy when
they all get together.  It was so crazy at the beginning with 20 tri
bikers that Justin almost regretted coming to this thing haha, but he
Chris and I kept our distance at the back and it was fine.  It really
was fine, and there was a noticable improvement by the end of the ride
of how comfortable everyone was.  Advertised (on the listserv) as an
easy ride, it was definitely very far from that, with some attacking and
then hammering the climbs.  But after getting warmed up, my legs
actually felt great, which suprised me after bonking super hard the day
before, and then all that SC entails.

Since then, I've showered, taken a nap, and worked a little bit on C++
(remember the quiz too, make that 5/8!).  I'm going to pick stuff up
from Will's that I left there, and do some laundry now to get ready for
the week.  Two tests (boo), two wheels to build (yay), and then to WVU
this weekend, chyeah!
