Title: Race for the Cure
Date: 2011-05-14 17:59
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: race-for-the-cure

Today I had Del, Dan K, and Sarah up early at 7AM after celebrating
Del's 21st birthday at SU, so I could get back in time to run a race.
 My Mom probably thought she was getting out of it when I wasn't home
till 8, but as soon as I got in the door I grabbed my running clothes
and a slice of toast for breakfast and we were off.

The run was at the NYS Fairgrounds, and we got there in plenty of time.
 Too much time really, as we had an hour to burn before the race started
and just meandered around the crowds.  There were 2000 runners, and at
least twice that many walkers, not to mention spectators.  First, the
wheeled entrants were off, which included our neighbor Mrs. Turner on a
wheelchair with a broken foot.  Then, Julie Bohiem gave the rest of us
the "go!"

Like most crazy huge charity runs, the first mile was slow with weaving
through the crowds while trying to maintain a decent pace.  They line up
the crowd in order of expected mile time, but that hardly works...we
started pretty close to the 6 minute mile line and there were plenty
people ahead of us that would have fared better at the 10 minute mile
line.  Nevertheless, we came through mile 1 with a time of 8:02 which
wasn't great but then kicked it up a notch.  Mom's Nike+ watch had us at
or under 7min/mile for the next mile! At the second mile marker, it had
thinned out, and as I had hoped we caught the 10 year old kid who flew
by us in the first mile.  From there, I think we were both pretty tired
and fought to run closer to 7:30 pace for the last mile.

Mom surprised me a little with a fast sprint for the finish, and the
timers had her in 1 second ahead of me, at 23:44.  Not the greatest
time, but we had enjoyed the run and it was good enough to put my Mom at
3rd place in her age category!

During the race I decided that I really did need a pair of running
shorts, my heavy and cumbersome basketball shorts were definitely what
was holding us both back.  We were already planning to go back to
Syracuse Bicycle to get a new tire for Dad's bike (the one I got the day
before didn't fit), and after that we went to Fleet Feet and I finally
got some running shorts.  I'd like to take a sentence to say I'm sorry
to hard-earned biking tan lines, as they may begin to fade after years
of dedicated lining up the bike shorts with the tan line.

Back to the tire, it was really strange that it didn't fit.  I got a 26
by 1 and 1/2 inch tire, and Dad's wheel is a 26 inch wheel.  But, the
tire was way too big.  As it turned out, there is a difference between 1
1/2 width and 1.5 width...the 1 1/2 is for a specific Schwinn wheel.  We
got a 1.5, and I just put it on a little bit ago and we took the bike
for a spin up and down the street a few times.  Once I figure a way to
raise Dad's handlebars a little bit more, he'll be all set to dominate
the NYS Rail Trail system.  I also attempted to get my Mom to get a road
bike while we were there, to turn her into a triathlete, and she might
actually get one... she's a strong swimmer already so I think she could
do well in tri.

In other news, my finicky powertap which didn't work again on my 43mi
ride Wednesday
[(http://www.mapmyrun.com/routes/view/34061572/](http://www.mapmyrun.com/routes/view/34061572/)),
was unable to be troubleshot at Syracuse Bicycle yesterday, and today I
think that I may have found the problem.  A little frustrated with it, I
was taking off the mount and discovered a big rip in the cable that had
been hidden underneath some electrical tape, so hopefully when I get
back to BBurg and try a new mount, it'll fix the problem.

As of now, I'm waiting on peeps to come over for a little bbq for Del's
birthday, then we're going out downtown again to celebrate.  I've
offered to DD this time, as I again will be up early, for a bicycle race
this time. Registration at 8AM and the race goes off at 9AM.  Here is
the race: <http://www.amberations.org/pages/BR2011.shtml>.  It should be
fun, and I'm looking forward to it despite the fact it's going to be
raining.
