Title: TriAdventure Summer Sprint: Race Report
Date: 2011-07-08 11:12
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: triadventure-summer-sprint-race-report

I had an awesome time setting up for, and racing this triathlon two
weeks ago. It was lots of fun, and I felt like I had days worth of
activity accomplished by 8:30AM.

[caption id="attachment\_2342" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Second place in age
group!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/award-300x225.jpg "award")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/award.jpg)[/caption]

#### Part I: Finding a bicycle

After my best finish in Wednesday Worlds to date (second!), my SRAM
Rival shifter broke as I crested Harding.  With the triathlon on Sunday,
and not actually being sure that was shifter was broken until I took it
to the shop on Friday, I had to scramble to find a bike.

Luckily, the triathlon team has a bike that was donated to them that I
was cool to use.  So, I went over to their house and grabbed it Friday
night, and cleaned it up real nice (it was gross, took four rags to get
the grease off).  It wasn't until Saturday, however, that I went to put
my own pedals and seat on it.  And that's where the trouble was.  One of
the pedals was stripped out, and I couldn't get it off.  So, I took it
to East Coasters to see if they could.  And they couldn't.  Ran into
Christian at the bike shop and we gave it another shot at his house, to
no avail.  By this point, it was completely stripped.  I called Chrissy
and she said the pedals on it were no ones, so I went to Lowes and
bought some cobalt drill bits to drill out the pedal axle.  They're
supposed to go through hardened steel, but after an hour of drilling and
little progress, I gave that up.  Lucky again, Alex Brown had his
triathlon bike that I could use.  So I went on got that, and he even had
Zipp 404 wheels! Sweet.  After switching the pedals, and raising the
seat, I had a bike that would work.  Alex is tall, but not 6'4", so the
bike was too small but with racing wheels, it was a nice bike to borrow.

#### Part II: Working PPU

SetUp Events puts on this triathlon series, and VT Tri Team has
connections with them get "comp entry." Basically, you work packet pick
up (PPU), set up for the race, or tear down and you get to race for
free. Sweet!  So Saturday I spent five or so hours handing out race
packets (goodie bags and numbers for the race).

#### Part III: Waking up at 4:30AM

Quite possibly the most difficult part of a sprint triathlon that starts
at 7AM.  I stumbled over to the race as early as I could:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/early_morning-225x300.jpg "early_morning")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/early_morning.jpg)

#### Part IV: Pre-race jitters

Not that I ever get nervous before racing, but the VT Tri Team instilled
fear in hearts of our collegiate competition.  Everyone was in the pool
with five minutes until the swim, and the VT team got together and
chanted:

"Hoki, Hoki, Hoki, Hy.  
Techs, Techs, V.P.I.  
Sola-Rex, Sola-Rah.  
Polytechs - Vir-gin-ia.  
Rae, Ri, V.P.I."

Followed by a "let's go!!" then "hokies!!" a few times right up until
the race started.

#### Part V: The swim

Perhaps the least enjoyable part of any triathlon race,
I surprised myself by starting near the front and actually passing a few
people.  We all lined up on two sides of this huge pool, and were to
swim 8 down and backs of the 50 meter length.  The starts were every 10
seconds, so as soon the person in front of you goes, you hop in the
water and you're off before your goggles are adjusted.  At least in my
case.

#### Part VI: T1

Coming out of the water disoriented from a 400m swim, I stumbled to into
the transition area right behind Chrissy, who had started at the same
time as me on the other side of the pool.  She's right on my left:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/transistion-220x300.jpg "transistion")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/transistion.jpg)

After I had my shoes and helmet on, I grabbed my bike off the rack.
 Since this is what I have been doing every single day for a year now
before class, my natural instinct was to hop on and ride away.  And
that's what I tried to do! It wasn't until I reached the chip timing pad
at the end of the area that I remember you aren't allowed to ride in
transistion, so I hopped off over the mat.

After the mat, I hopped back on and started to sprint away again.  But,
again I was before the mount line, which is the red line spraypainted
directly in front of me in the picture below.  Also, take a chance to
notice the size of the bike:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/biking-220x300.jpg "biking")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/biking.jpg)

#### Part VII: Cycling

More specifically, time trialing on a tiny bike.  It took me a long
time, 2 miles or so, to catch my breath from the swim.  It also had
taken me a really long time to pass Chrissy, but I got her.  I was able
to pass quite a few people ( including Cortney :-P), but without any
indication of my speed, I felt like I was going pretty slow the whole
time.

#### Part VIII: T2

Only slightly less eventful than my first transition, it begins with a
steep downhill into a sharp corner between the cones leading into
transition.  As I performed a cyclocross dismount while front braking,
the rear wheel hopped off the ground naturally, but as it came back
down, there was a nasty metal clank.  After the race, I realized that
clank was from the wheel going back into the dropouts, because it was
loose!!

#### Part IX: Running

Coming out of transition into the run involved a large set of stairs,
and with No Speak Americano blasting I had no choice but to bound by
those smarter races jogging up the stairs.  Announcer Cole Harden from
East Coasters said it right: "and it's Andy Reagan flying up the stairs
with those long legs, let's see if he can hold that pace." It wasn't
until I crossed the hill out of sight that it was apparent I could not
hold that pace.

I cramped up worse than I ever had.  I tried running with my hands
behind my head to stretch it out and take deep breaths, but it was
really really painful.  It got so bad, that I actually had to walk a
little.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/run_way_out-225x300.jpg "run_way_out")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/run_way_out.jpg)

Cortney passed me, then Chrissy.  They were both encouraging, and I was
actually shocked to hear that I'd made it a mile when Chrissy went by.
 I started to feel better and picked it up, and after she was 200m in
front of me, I was running again.  I spent the rest of the race chasing
her, and with the last hill approaching, I had her in my sights.  She
knew I was coming, and sprinted up the hill.  It was a long-ish little
hill, and I didn't see her again until the top, clasping her knees.  As
soon as I saw her I was shouting GOOO CHRISSY GOOOOO and she took off
again.  Apparently she had run up so fast, she had to throw up.  Nothing
like pushing your body that hard.

After the downhill and through the finish, I was close behind her and
was glad I was done running, I needed water.  Here I am trying to get
Chrissy before the last hill on the way back:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/run_back-217x300.jpg "run_back")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/run_back.jpg)

#### Part X: Post-race

Mary Kate and her husband Chris came out to support me at a 7AM race
which was great, although I was in no condition for hugs.  Being such a
local race, it was also cool to be able to watch the finish as people
that I know came across.

Even wikipedia made note of my radical facial hair, definitely read
this:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/mutton-chops-1024x258.jpg "mutton chops")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/mutton-chops.jpg)
