Title: Rafting, golfing, mowing, eating, riding, running, drinking, driving to Blacksburg
Date: 2011-05-31 10:01
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: rafting-golfing-mowing-eating-riding-running-drinking-driving-to-blacksburg

Well, the title pretty much covers what I've been up to since kayaking
on the 23rd w Sam and Dan.

##### Tuesday, May 24th

First things first, I got up early to mow the lawn so I'd have time to
get a new phone before going disc golfing.  I ended up getting the Droid
PRO, and so far (6/2) I love it.  Much faster than my old phone and the
blackberry keyboard is really nice.  And the batteries last two days.

After I got the phone, headed to Zdanowskis and we were off to play disc
golf. I drove, but it really only took 25min to get there, not as bad as
I remember.  After falling as much as three strokes behind, my
consistently gigantic drives overcame Dan and John, for a four-stroke
win on the day.  It was a gorgeous day out in Jamesville, and I actually
played the whole thing barefoot.  There were some dude playing that were
smoking and let us play on, it was funny when he told me "I've never
heard a barefoot dude turn down a hit."

For dinner, I ate some delicious blackened talapia that my Dad aand Mom
made, before going out for all you can eat wing night at Quaker Steak
and Lube.  I drove again, and it was cool seeing people there from high
school.  I didn't get all I could eat wings, but did eat an Atomic wing,
rated at 150,000 SHU.

##### Wednesday

After spending about two hours deciding what we could all do together,
my Mom, Bro, and I set out to play some mini-golf and get me a bread
machine.  My Mom had one of those high school fundraiser discount cards,
and it's actually a good deal at Fairmont Glen, which is where we went.
 A single game pass is \$7, and a three game pass is \$14, and her
discount was
a [BOGO](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buy_one,_get_one_free) three game
pass.  So we got two three game passes, and a single game pass for the
price of three single game passes!

![](http://media.syracuse.com/entertainment/photo/9594022-large.jpg "Fairmount Glen")

We had the place to ourself, and its a really nice mini-golf place.
 It's in the middle of busy commercial Fairmont, but set down into a
quiet gully next to a stream.  Despite my Mom's four hole-in-ones, my
consistent twos and threes (my only scores) were enough for an 11-point
victory over Bro and Mom, who tied at 9 over par.   The "19th hole" is
this thing you putt into so they get the ball back, that is a ramp the
ball shoots off of, and it can go into the eyes, nose, mouth, or below a
clown's face entirely. The eyes are a 4-stroke deduction, the mouth
2-strokes, and the nose is a free pizza and free game.  My competition
swung away to no avail, and I used my superior patience and putt putt
skill to send the ball directly into the nose!

I won a free game, pizza, bowling, an ice cream which I got right away
and was delicious, wings, and some other stuff that I can't even
remember.  Pretty sweet! From putt putt we went to Ra-Lins and got a
bread machine, which has by 6/2 made four delicious loafs of honey whole
wheat bread.  And on the way back we stopped for the free pizza, which
my brother, Mom, and I split.

And then, I talked my Mom into going running with me at the park, which
was great.  I beat up the soles of my feet wearing the Vibrams for 6
miles on cinder, but with some ice the feet were ready to go again.  It
was the first time that I got to use my new Garmin Forerunner 310XT, and
it's awesome.  Haven't had the slightest issue with it yet, which is soo
amazing after being used to troubleshooting the powertap.  It transfers
wirelessly to the computer, and auto-uploads the data, so after I finish
an activity and set the watch next to my computer, it's uploaded by the
time I'm done with a shower.  Here's the first run:

<http://connect.garmin.com:80/activity/embed/88038557>

##### Thursday

I talked my Mom into rafting the Ninemile Creek, an idea that I'd heard
about Kyle B, Tyler M, and Brian W attempting back in high school, and
didn't get to do with Sam and Dan.  Well, it was good that Sam, Dan, and
I stuck to Otisco Lake, because it was quite the adventure.

The creek was barely navigable, with huge trees down every hundred feet
or so, making us portage our raft.  The whole trip covered 9 miles,
which brought us only to Marcellus Park, and took 7.5 hours. It wasn't
long before we ran into a huge pricker bush, and I got my arm all
scratched up, and we put a slow leak into the raft.  For a while, I
would stop and inflate every little bit just so we could keep going.
 Eventually, we found a metal fishing boat that had been washed up
ashore, and commandeered the vessel.  That allowed us to cruise on open
water, because in a deflated raft and little current, it was slow going.
 After many more miles, and the combined stubbornness of my Mom and I,
we portaged the boat again and again before finally making it to park.
 I was parched, and probably couldn't have gone too much farther without
water, on such a hot day. I'm glad that we did it, and it'll definitely
be an adventure to remember for my Mom and I.

<http://connect.garmin.com:80/activity/embed/88208741>

##### Friday

Short bike ride, out downtown.

<http://connect.garmin.com:80/activity/embed/88329487>

##### Saturday

Stuck around to maybe go up to Del's camp the next day, spend another
day with the Fam, and go out with Dan and Dan for the night. Also went
for a run: http://connect.garmin.com/activity/88592596

##### Sunday

Drove to BBurg, ran to the top of Brush Mtn and hammocked for the night.
Here's the run link: http://connect.garmin.com/activity/89015500

##### Monday

Up really early, moved in! And of course, went for a ride:
http://connect.garmin.com/activity/89110266
