Title: Research Week 1, riding with CUS11
Date: 2011-06-03 19:41
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life
Slug: research-week-1

It was a great start to the week with a long night picking up Atsuya and
Emily from the airport late, a big shout out to Jeff for the company!
 During the day Tuesday, Betsy and I had driven to Roanoke to get a
first group, pick up bike parts for me, and then I took some of the guys
for a long run before dinner at Macados.  In retrospect, taking them up
the hardest, steepest climb in Blacksburg just because I felt like doing
it was probably not the best idea.

On Wednesday we got started with a meeting at the Inn at Virginia Tech,
including delicious breakfast.  From there, we got health and safety
training, and met with out mentor.  My group of Jim, Paul, and Emily
skyped with Julia Chifman, our mentor.  That was good, and not long so
not to be overwhelming on day 1, so we had the rest of the afternoon
off.

Thursday was our first real day, and Shernita presented to both her
group and ours about irom metabolism to avoid her and Julia giving the
same talk.  It was then up to our two groups to put together a
presentation for the following Monday about our research and what we
were planning on doing.  We were able to work really hard on the
presentation, so as not to have to do it over the weekend.  On Thursday
I also did a 9-mile run in the Vibrams, finishing with a 6 minute mile,
and rocked my arches hard.  The high speed really increased the force of
impact, and five days later after a long run today (6/7) they still hurt
a little.

Friday we hit the RU-ABLE high ropes course, and it was a blast. After
we got back, our groups presented what we had to Shernita, and that went
really well. Friday night we went out, but I slowed down after two
pitchers because I had an epic weekend in store.

[caption id="attachment\_2320" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Catching Hussein on the low ropes, that's Jim in the
back"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/catching-hussein-300x225.jpg "catching hussein")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/06/catching-hussein.jpg)[/caption]

Riding to and from Charlottesville was certainly nothing less than epic,
covering a combined 167 miles, 15,500ft of climbing, and burning 18,000
calories riding.  I got a late start Saturday but that was not a problem
at all. The ride to Charlottesville was slightly shorter, a little less
hilly, and took 5.5 hours.  The ride back was hillier, with lots of
stops, and took a combined riding time of 14 hours.  It was awesome
getting to ride with Alyson, who led my trip, as well.  And she did the
whole route without much training, the hardest day on the entire XC trip
in my opinion, so props to her! I was glad to drive her partway back to
Cville.

The views and the riding were as incredible as I had remembered, the
people were fantastic, and I couldn't imagine a better weekend.
