Title: NCSU MTB Race Report Day 1
Date: 2011-09-17 22:37
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: ncsu-mtb-race-report-day-1

Today we raced a cross country and short track race at Harris Lake State
Park in New Hill, NC. It was a fun day of racing, despite the dreariness
of the rain, and the beginning of fall temperatures.

Cross Country

The Men's B XC race was two laps of a 7-mile course. The course is flat
and fast, and in some places quite narrow. I went out hard from the
start and was the second person onto the trail. Branson Holt of NC State
was ahead of me, and he's a technically skilled rider, and this is his
home course, so I was content to sit behind him. The first loop of the 7
miles is on the beginner loop, which is smooth and fast. There are some
roots, but it's mostly super fast. The first obstacle of note is the
tight tree section here. Taking a hard left through two very close
trees, up a short up and through more tight trees, then a pair that are
about an inch wider than my wide handlebars before it opens back up.

Off the beginner loop, it is still fast but with some rolling and lots
of roots, and tight through some trees. Nothing worthy of the title
"climb" for sure, and one section that is a handful of tabletops that
were fun.

I got passed by another NC State dude who was flying, and he went by
Branson pretty quickly. A sharp 2 foot drop into a tight turn and I
flipped over the handlebars, and a dude passed me, putting my back to
fourth. The course is so fast that it is tough to make up any time
though, since we're going about as fast as is possible through the
trees. I clipped a tree with my handlebars, and went down again, but got
up and kept going just fine. The first time I'd hopped back on my bike
only to realize that my seat was about sideways and had to get off to
fix that first ha.

Another tight section got the best of me, and I clipped by bars again.
Andy W passed me this time, and I was about pulling the W&M guy who had
passed me after my two crashes back in. I kept Andy in sight, and we
were still cruisin. (So that's three notable falls thus far lol).

Coming back onto our second lap, I was going fast trying to catch up to
those ahead of me, and coming in hot to the first tight little tree
section, totally clipped a tree at speed. I went flying over the bars
this time, and as I landed on the ground I felt (and heard) a crunch as
my shoulder plowed into the ground. That hurt, and I took a quick second
before hopping back on spinning easy for one minute. My shoulder felt
alright, a little shaky, but I was glad I hadn't hurt it bad. Gradually
I got back up to speed, with a few guys within earshot behind.

Eventually, Bill Lucy who had been owning it up in C's and just upgraded
to B's this weekend was on my wheel. I picked it up a lot when he caught
me, and we were flying pretty much all the way to the finish. I had
thought we would've brought people back at that pace, and I think we
were but just not enough time was left in the race.

Coming out of the last corner he said something that I thought was
"let's spread it out!" What I hadn't realized was that it was the last
corner, and we had really said "let's *sprint*Â it out!" So when he
sprinted up next to me, I thought he was just spreading it out...until I
saw the finish and started to sprint after him. With a bike throw, I'd
only got back to a few inches short, and he had nabbed me for 5th.

Short Track

After recovering from the XC race with a delicious lunch provided by
Andy Wentzel's parents, I was as ready as I was gonna be for my premier
event. I was shivering cold at the line, but oh well.

I took off hard again for the same hole shot, and the short track course
was the "beginner loop." So it was FAST. It included the tight tree
section, as well as a really rooty section coming back up to the S/F
before the open grass and gravel (then all over again!).

I got into the hole shot in second, and went hard. The NC State guy who
had crushed the XC was in front of me, and we opened up some room behind
us.

Coming back into the open S/F, a couple guys went around me, and the
NCSU guy was long gone. After another lap, he was out of sight. I kept
crushing with the people I was with: W&M guy from XC, and NCSU's foreign
ringer from France.

We traded off places, as I learned all of the fastest lines on the
course. The three of us got really far away from those behind us. I
could go the fastest through the flat turny section, and got to a point
where I was only using my brakes on the 180's turns, and going into the
tree section. I was taking those corners faster and faster, with the new
Kenda Nevegals on front and back never giving way. I can feel the really
knobby tires rolling slow on the straight open flat parts, but I think
it's worth the better grip in corners. Nearing the last lap, it was down
the Frenchy and me.

We were going all out for the first two laps of the last four, with me
in the front for those and awhile before. I crushed on the second to
last lap, and coming out into the first part open he sprinted around me
and got me at a fence gap. There was still an open gravel section going
into the single track, and I gave it a huge sprint to go around him into
the last lap. I'd locked out my front fork into the last open, and it
probably helped. We pulled even as we approached a 90 degree right onto
the trail, and he sensed that I was not giving any ground, and dropped
behind me.

From the two all out sprints, I was tired and had him behind me. There's
no chance to pass during the lap, and I eased up. Not slow, but slower
than we had been going before that, and I was banking on having him in
the spring to the finish line.

Coming out into that last corner, I reached down and flipped the
lockout, and dropped the hammer out. He would've had to sprint the
length of my bike faster (how far he started behind) in 150m, and there
was no way. I took the sprint victory and went straight through the
tape, my quads tightening up immediately but happy with a perfectly
executed race.

Overall

If I hadn't gone down in the XC, no doubt I would've held third...and
the dude from NCSU that won the short track is totally sandbagging in
B's. He said he's going to be an A next weekend. So I'm really pleased
with my finishes today...maybe I should start training on MTB's during
the week?

In the rulebook, which is followed quite loosely at times, it actually
says that if you get five top-five finishes in B or C, you're actually
required to upgrade. But that one is not enforced...or everyone who
raced consistently would be an A, and that's not reasonable. Following
the rules, however, I think that I should be upgrading to A's before my
next race weekend (not allowed to upgrade mid-weekend at all). Not sure
that I'm ready for A's, but I could give it a go. I could probably
handle the short track, but would get destroyed pretty bad in the XC.
Too bad you can't race different categories for each.

Wake up at 7AM tomorrow for the second XC race of the weekend, which is
actually going to be the same XC as today in reverse. It was supposed to
be at some different and sick trails, but they called today with 2.5in
of rain, and unrideable trails. In other good news, I just about
finished my algebra HW tonight was well! And I have about 500 pictures
of the races today to upload!!
