Title: Tour de Syracuse
Date: 2011-05-23 10:00
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: tour-de-syracuse

I ended up doing only the criterium race on Saturday, and it was a ton
of fun.  I went down to Onondaga Park in Syracuse a few hours early, in
time to catch Anna finishing third in her crit.  Here's how it went
down.  If you're going to read this, gotta play this in the background
(it'll make sense in the
end): <http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYH_R6bx9-w&feature=related>

It was a beautiful, warm, sunny day and I went for a good 15 minute ride
around the Strathmore area of Syracuse before coming back to pin my
number on and get to the start line.  That is a beautiful area of
Syracuse, huge perfectly-manicured houses with a view of the skyscrapers
just a mile below.

I went over to registration to grab some pins, and while I was in the
tent, they called my name over the loudspeaker to come to registration.
 Well, beat them there.  They said that I was not eligible to race in
the Cat 4 which race which I had registered for, because I was still a
Cat 5.  Turned out that online I'm still showing up as a Category 5,
when I should be a Category 4 after I was approved for my upgrade.
 Thanks to DROID I was able to pull up the approved upgrade email, and
the guys at registration pinned my number on since the race was going to
start soon.  I went up onto the stage at the finish line and showed them
my email, they pulled up my info on line, and got it all sorted out.

Altogether, it was a good chance to cool down instead of finishing
warming up before the start of the race. It was by far the biggest field
of the day, with over 50 riders, and I made sure to line up in the front
row.  Just as we were about to go, I caught my dad waving behind the
group, and was glad that my parents had made it for the start.

As soon as they said "GO!" I was clipped in and moving, and some dude in
a red skinsuit next to me had sprinted off the line.  I assumed that it
was going to be a fast start, and sprinted after him.  To my surprise,
when I looked back and expected to have the whole field on my wheel as I
caught him, there was no one at all.  The entire group was a couple
hundred feet behind us, and this guy in red was crushing it.  I stuck on
him, my cold legs complaining furiously, but I told them to shut up.

We were crushing, but still I had expected that we would be quickly
pulled in after the first of 22, 1-mile laps.  Again, our lead had grown
to be huge, and we were pulling away.  I didn't want to kill myself
since the course was so long, there was no hope for lapping the field
and little hope of riding for an hour out front, but still pulled
through pretty hard.  I didn't hear it, but my dad said that I got a
sweet shout-out over the loud speaker as Andy Reagan from Virginia Tech
pulled away from the group.  We rode out front for like 3.5 laps before
getting reeled in, and I sat in the group for what must've been 5 more
to recover.

The course was somewhat tight, not really tight but with such a huge
group, there wasn't any room to move up.  When the first wave of primes
came, I wanted to go, but there was just no making through the group to
the front.  As the lap count shrunk, I moved up near the front, and was
in the action for a few primes just to hold the position.

With two laps to go, I fought harder to stay up front, and coming into
the last lap had perfect position, 5th wheel.  But as we approached the
line all the dudes in front of me disappeared, and I was on the front.
 Not good position.  So I pulled hard through the line, through the
first corner, and then attacked off the front.  Not good move.  But, I
went for it.  Opened a small gap, but with close to a mile until the
finish.  I went as hard as I could, but my legs cracked as I tried to
hold off a field that had been resting on my wheel.  So, they all passed
me.  And I rolled through the finish near the back, unable to summon a
second effort on the uphill to move up.

 

In conclusion, I made some strong moves, and felt confident in my
ability to race Cat 4.  I didn't finish as well as I would have liked,
but on a race like this, I really needed a team and to race smart....but
racing smart ain't no fun!

After the race I was able to catch up with the dude I'd rode out front
with, and some of the other guys I was riding with in the group.  I'd
seen Emily Garrant there before the race, but forgot that she had said
her bf was racing Cat 5 right after until I was halfway home.  Perhaps
the highlight was walking back to my car, and a guy from WVU was on his
trainer blasting the techno remix to Country Roads that we heard every
race this spring from their van.
