Title: NCSU Crit
Date: 2011-02-15 18:17
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: ncsu-crit

I was excited for the criterium race on Sunday, and it ended up being
really fun.  Mark even skipped church to come out, but missed my race by
a few minutes.  We rode around campus which was fun, and I got to see
the mark-cave.  Unfortunately, NC State meal plans don't work like Tech,
so we couldn't eat at the dining hall for lunch.

The course was a super-tight .35mi loop on NCSU Campus, and it was a
tight but really fun.  The tight turns allowed those of us who could
corner hard to take advantage of our handling skills.  There was an
uphill straightaway, and downhill straight into a hard corner, and two
very short sections connecting the two.  I lined up front and center,
and that ended up being crucial because the first turn was wide enough
for about 3, and we had lined up 8 wide.

[caption id="attachment\_2118" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Determined"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/ncsu_crit_2011-300x224.png "ncsu_crit_2011")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/ncsu_crit_2011.png)[/caption]

When Kevin said go, I didn't wait to clip in my other foot and just
pushed on the pedals through the first corner.  I then took a second to
clip in, and it was just me and one other guy.  I realized we were
already ahead of the group, so I hammered as hard as I could down the
hill into the very very fast turn 3.  We took that corner suuuper hard,
and I knew that there was no way the field could keep up.  We kept going
as hard as our legs would go, and a few people caught on.  The laps only
took one minute, and because it was so tight they were pulling lapped
riders out of the race.

Three laps in, we'd lapped half the field and they were taken off of the
course.  For the next 20 minutes, we sprinted up the hill every lap.
 With 10 to go, Kevin realized he had forgotten about primes because he
was too busy pulling riders, and we had our first prime.  I sat on the
back for the sprint for that prime.  Then with 5 to go, another prime.
 Feeling good, I sprinted hard for it and took second. (they had me in
third...but I'm stickin with second, I even gave a bike throw! jokingly,
though).  We took it easier the next lap, then with three to go, ANOTHER
PRIME.  I ended up on the front, and pulled hard down the downhill.
 When we came out of the corner onto the uphill, the group sprinted
around me for the prime, but I didn't have any sprint in me.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/crit-300x141.png "crit")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/crit.png)

They got a two bike lenght-ish gap, and I wasn't able to make it up with
two laps to go...so I finished with a strong sprint, about 100m behind
the leaders.  It was a really disappointing finish for me personally,
having been in the break (created it?) and not manning up for the last
two laps.  We'll see how it goes this coming weekend at William and
Mary, I'm feeling good about it.  Oh, forgot to mention I did finish
5th.

Got in a hard brick workout (2x harding, 20min run) with Grayson on
Monday, and took today off except for my intramural bball game at
night.  Tomorrow, I'm really pumped to get out mountain biking!!
