Title: Mtn Lake Mountain Top Trot 10-miler Race Report
Date: 2011-10-03 17:00
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: mtn-lake-mountain-top-trot-10-miler-race-report

It was an early morning start to an awesome, cold, and incredibly
challenging 10 mile trail race today. Brice, Greg P and I got up to the
start at 8AM to help with setting up if Kirby needed any, so Greg and I
spent the early morning hours making a fire to keep everyone warm. As
the snow started and the temperature lingered in the low 40's with
strong gusting winds, and all I had brought were shorts, I was worried
that I was about to freeze my butt off.

We went off at 10:ooAM and quickly at that. (Run
data[here](http://connect.garmin.com/activity/118340377)). Before the
first mile had ended, we'd turned up a steep trail and were going
straight up the side of the mountain. My heart rate spiked from the fast
start, and it wasn't too long before this wall of a trail had defeated
me. Reduced to a fast hike (with long legs, no slower than those
"running" up), I now understood what trail runners experienced on the
steep climbs.

Across the top of that, I pushed on, and without a gruesomely detailed
description of the rest of the run, I enjoyed the parts that were
run-able and went fast on them, punished my calves on the steep climbs
which is where I lost all my groud to the leaders I'm sure, and bombed
the downhills. There were a few parts of the trail that were so
technical that I was leaping off boulders and skid-landing on two feet
before springing off again.

Running with these two dudes for most of the run, they missed a turn by
about 10 feet that I was waiting for because it went back downhill, and
I knew it was coming from the Dirty Dawg (although the trails that we
did repeat, were backwards). So I got in front of them from that, and
with about 1.5 miles of trail that I knew very well ahead, kept them
behind me through the finish.

Congrats to Justin M for winning it, and best of luck to him at OCS
(where he is now!). Rudy also ran strong, behind Ig who almost snuck
past Justin at the finish. Those guys can run. As well as Brice, Emma
(who I was super pumped to see there!!), Greg, and everyone else that
conquered those trails.  And a big thanks to East Coasters (Kirby in
particular), RunAbout Sports, **Blue Ridge Mountain Sports**x2, and most
of all the Mountain Lake Conservancy for making this race happen!!

 

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/300244_10100477710386413_6229528_54888993_1814345918_n-200x300.jpg "300244_10100477710386413_6229528_54888993_1814345918_n")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/300244_10100477710386413_6229528_54888993_1814345918_n.jpg)

More
pictures: <http://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.10150398473130549.404098.98063795548&type=3&l=528678620a>
