Title: Draper Mile
Date: 2011-08-25 15:00
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: draper-mile

As the summer drew to an end, one of the events that I was getting
pretty excited for was the Draper Mile. Ever since I signed up for
Richmond Maration, I'd been running more than ever before and was
feeling pretty strong.

![](http://civic.bev.net/striders/images/2011_dm_logo_e.png "Draper Mile Logo")

This annual one-mile race put on by the Blacksburg Striders and Runabout
Sports is a part of giant, two-day celebration known as Steppin Out.
It's basically a huge festival in downtown BBurg, with three stages and
*hundreds* of local artisans and businesses covering downtown in their
tents.

At the start line, I found Ignacio Moore who is a prof at VT that I know
from cycling, and he said he was planning to run 4:45 pace so my plan
was to stick with him for the race. At the starting line, there were
tons of us skinny guys in short shorts crowded onto the line and it was
pretty intense.

The gun went off and the fast guys whom I had lined up behind took off. 
Without thinking, I took off with them. We were flying, and in very
little time crossed the (slightly uphill) quarter mile mark with a timer
reading off 61...62...63. Hearing these numbers, I knew that I had went
out to hard, but kept going. Before long, my legs were just big loaves
of lactic acid, and moving them became laborious. I dropped off that
very front group, trying to hold some pace on the downhill, but going
only as fast as my exploded legs would let me. A long line of runners
passed me all the way through the finish line. It wasn't much after the
initial explosion that Ig flew by me, embarrasing. And two girls passed
me, but there was nothing I could do about it.  Needless to say, I
didn't hit the 5-min mark, but still finished in 5:20...my fastest mile
ever! Link to results:
<http://civic.bev.net/striders/DM2011_agegroups.html>
