Title: Richmond Marathon
Date: 2011-11-14 17:17
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: richmond-marathon

The culmination of four months of training  took place on this past
Saturday (Nov 12) and I am really happy with the result. Reducing the
incredible experiences during training to a single number, my finishing
time, would be selling short the real fun in marathoning: training with
others. I thought before the race about who I could dedicate my run to,
and my best answer was to the people who helped me get to the finish
line through their support and awesome times running together. I started
to make a list, but it included pretty much everyone I know, and almost
certainly everyone reading this now! So this one was for you! Without
further adieu, here is snapshot of the results, my pace, and the course:

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/result.png "result")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/result.png)

[Full Results Link](http://www.raceit.com/results/?event=2665)

 

#### [![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/map.png "map")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/map.png)

Downloadable google earth data available upon request. It's pretty cool,
you can make it do a run through of the course.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/pace.png "pace")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/pace.png)

#### Race Day Morning

Awoken at 4:45AM by my alarm, I snapped up and heated up the yummy
kroger brand, low sugar, brown sugar maple instant oatmeal that I
readied the night before. The goal was to get my heavier pre-race fuel
in 3 hours before the start, which is a general rule of thumb to allow
my body to metabolize it during the race.

I rode with Bradner from our hotel to get there earlier rather than
later, and we were in Richmond by 6:15AM, with the race starting at 8AM.
Temperatures were in the mid to low 30's, so I wore sweatpants and
jacket to the starting area. With 5,000 marathoners, 8,000 half'ers, and
5,000 8k-ers with maybe as many spectators, it's always crazy near the
start. But we still managed to find everyone from the team. I gave my
sweatpants and jacket to Erika at 7:15 when she was checked her bag for
her 7:30 half marathon. Needless to say that was way too early, with
temps in the 30's and me just wearing short shorts and a singlet (thin
tank top).

Staving off the frostbite by shivering, and making use of an alley (the
port-o-john lines were outrageous), Chrissy, Carly, Stephan, Scott,
Kevin, Greg, Aaron, Hannah and myself were all together in corral 1 in
time for our start, and had made our way to the 3:30 pace guy.

#### First Half

Off the line, which is only took less than a minute for us to cross, it
was a slow-ish start. Chrissy and I and our pack navigated the crowd,
but it wasn't bad at all having to get around people. The first few
miles flew by, logging some cold, but comfortable 7:55's.

I started to warm up after about 4 miles, but kept the gloves and arm
warmers up for a long time (until like 16). Chrissy and Carly and I and
Scott and Stephan were all just having fun, and trying to keep eachother
from taking off because we felt so good. At the halfway point, I could
just barely feel that my legs had exerted much effort, but could
definitely feel how hard the pavement was in comparison to the trails
we'd trained on.

#### Miles 16-23

Chrissy's stomach was acting up real bad, and she hadn't eaten yet at
all. She found an open port-o-john a little earlier, and had caught
back, but at 16 when she stopped again we never saw her. She said she
almost caught us by mile 20, but by then her stomach had knotted
completely and she couldn't run. After 16 when Chrissy stopped, Carly
had stayed with the pace group and Stephan and I had more or less taken
off from the group. We kept holding the high 7:40 pace, and got down
into the low 7:40's. At about 18, I was talking out loud to Stephan
about whether we should continue this pace and finally concluded
(censored) "[screw] it, let's go for it" and meant that let's just
gamble and see if we can hold this. We passed Greg and Aaron pretty
quickly at mile 20, and I felt really great (not hurting at all) until
mile 23. Then:

#### Miles 23-26.2

Not much more I can say about these than *ouch*. My legs suddenly didn't
want to move anymore, but I mind-over-matter kept them rolling. Slowing
to a 9:30 pace for the 24th mile made the pain in my legs tolerable, but
I knew that I had about 28 minutes to complete the final 5k, and 9:30
wasn't going to cut it. Stephan didn't hit the wall as hard, and
continued on.

I pushed harder, and suffered through a very arduous 25th mile at 9:10
pace. With only little more than a mile remaining, and seeing that I had
only 9 minutes remaining, I tried for all I was worth to hit the gas.
Carly came flying by, and not too long after her the faster of 3:30 pace
guys came by me. The last mile was downhill, which made it hurt even
worse, but I dug as deep as I could and found a final 8:18 somewhere.
The last .4 (my Garmin actually had me at 26.4 because I didn't follow
the best course, being in the crowd you can't) I was giving it
everything, with absolutely nothing left in the tank, and I think that I
remember seeing a sub-7 last .4, seeing as I was going with everything.

Here I am at probably one of the most painful times I've experienced
(cross the line):

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/321162_2427155929789_1578285159_32314486_352893993_n.jpg "321162_2427155929789_1578285159_32314486_352893993_n")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/321162_2427155929789_1578285159_32314486_352893993_n.jpg)

#### After Finishing

They put a huge medal around my neck as I finished, and all I wanted to
do was get off my legs. I found a pleasant enough section of pavement
next to the barrier (still in the finishing shoot) and sat down. I tried
drinking some water, and stretching but I couldn't move my legs much or
they'd instantly cramp. I was pretty much a physical, and emotional,
wreck.  I hadn't seen Chrissy come through after a few minutes, and was
almost sobbing when 3:35 passed and she hadn't made it. When she hadn't
come through after half an hour, her parents and the rest of us were
worrying, and it turned out that after her stomach knotted she just
couldn't run anymore, and walked the last 6. She's pretty torn up about
it as well, but she's in killer shape so she's pull together an awesome
race soon.

As I laid there staring into space, Greg and Aaron finished and found me
laying curled up on the pavement trying to drink some water. After 20
minutes or so Alex came and pulled me up (I literally didn't help), and
I stumbled over and ate some pizza and drank some more water.

#### Conclusions

In my first marathon after running seriously for only about four months,
I hit my goal time of 3:30 and couldn't be happier with that. If I
hadn't blown up, I would've finished with Stephan two minutes earlier,
but that's only two minutes. I might also have been able to walk better
that night, but in only two days I've mostly recovered (just finished a
nice 15 mile bike ride) and after swearing off marathoning during the
race, can at least entertain the idea of another attempt (faster, of
course).
