Title: Duke Weekend
Date: 2011-03-07 09:53
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: duke-weekend

Leaving later Friday night, I had an awesome weekend of racing at Duke
this past weekend.  I got in a really solid week of training in addition
to getting on the podium in my first homebrew competition during the
week, and did well academically as well.  Here's a recap of the whole
week.

#### Week's worth of Training

Monday: despite the tornado and severe weather advisory, Kelly and I
ventured out into a downpour for a SAYG ride on Monday.  She's just
getting back into riding after to rehabilitate a knee injury, and I
figured that it was going to be warm enough to get wet.  Wearing just a
jersey and shorts in the pouring rain, I froze but it was fun ride.  The
rain seems to make everything quiet, and I'm glad that Kelly is on her
way back.

Tuesday: without hitting snooze too many times, I made it out to
Justin's 7:30 AM ride, and Zach Morrey came as well.  Zach felt like
hammering, and drilled it all the way out Mt. Tabor Rd. to Rt. 311.  He
had his headphones in and just wanted to go hard, so Justin and I eased
up on the way back Blacksburg Rd and up Harding, since I was pretty
tired from killing all those climbs and it was such a gorgeous morning
that we wanted to enjoy it.  Rode for about 2.5 hrs, and I was bonking
up Harding but still turned in a time of 15min, not too bad. (faster
than I could've ever gone freshman year....)

Wednesday: extending from my C training ride the previous week, Andy W
led a crushingly hard ride at 3PM.  Earp from the tri team sent out a
ride at the same time, and we had a really big turnout for a training
ride, and it was an amazing day out.  Jersey and shorts again! We did
the Wednesday Worlds loop, with Nick and I leading it out to Blackburg
Rd.  Once we got going, it was hard attack followed by hard attack.
 Nick would sprint away, and we would all pull really hard till he was
caught, and then someone else would immediately sprint away hard.  This
kept going until we were all exhausted, and the group was completely
shattered.  At the end, I chased down Bradner's final attack and
outsprinted him to Sandy Ridge Rd for first on the way out.  We were all
hurtin by that point, so Nick and I chilled up Sandy Ridge, and the tri
kids took a right at the top.  The cycling guys went left, and we
reluctantly decided to do a B vs C race, which was 3 on 4, respectively.
 Nick and Tyler rode off the front with a sneaky block from Chris Brown,
so John G, George and I went after them.  After a few of the hills, it
was just me chasing.  I closed down the gap to about 15 seconds at the
tops of the hills, but by the bottom of the next one they were gapping
me more.  When I realized that, solo, I couldn't chase down two B's...I
waited for George.  And Chris B was with him.  I thought George was
closer and that we would be able to work together to catch the two
ahead, but I waited for more than a minute for him to catch up, so the
race was over for the most part.  We all stopped at the Church on Tabor
and waited for everyone, it was a great ride.

Thursday: Cole's Real Person Ride was at 7AM and Kelsea had asked me
earlier if she could use me as a cyclist for a photojournalism project,
so I told her that she should get up super early and come follow us on
the ride.  I expected there to be at least a few people there, but it
was just Justin, Cole, and I.  For it being such a warm day the day
before, I very reluctantly dressed for the sub-freezing temperatures
that early in the morning.  Kelsea's Mom drove her car, and she leaned
out the window and took pictures (close to 500) of our ride.  Cole
turned back after only a couple miles for a headache that he had hoped
would go away, but Justin and I still enjoyed feeling like celebrities
with paparazzi along the ride.  I'll post up some of the pictures here
once I sort through them.  We rode the Tabor -\> Gravel Hill -\>
Blacksburg -\> Harding route.  Here is the
ride: <http://ridewithgps.com/trips/184306>

Friday: no ride! Except commuting on the fixed gear to Blacksburg
Transit for a meeting which was 5 miles each way (and also to class,
like every day).

#### Homebrew Competition

In the Virginia Tech Homebrew Club
([hokiehomebrew.com](http://hokiehomebrew.com/)) we decided last
semester to do a brewing competition, with a goal of brewing a specific
[Dogfish Head](http://www.dogfish.com/) beer.  I chose to brew a Raison
D'etre clone, and brewed it with Will French about a month ago.  Without
as much time to sit in secondary as I had hoped, the half that I kegged
came out awesome.  For my first judged beer, I did really well, placing
3rd in the competition (out of 8) and scoring a 37.5/50, enough for a
bottle of DFH Olde School (a barley wine, yes!) and a DFH hat, both from
Sam himself.  The judging took place Wednesday night, and we'll do
prizes the Tuesday that we get back.

#### Classes

Since all of tests were the previous week (so we got grades back before
the drop deadline), I don't have much to report other than a 95 on my
Numerical Analysis project, which I'm pretty stoked about.  If I had a
color printer, I would've gotten a 100...whoops.  I left late Friday to
go to Justin's house where we were staying because I wanted to go to
dinner at Bull and Bones with Reinhard and the research group, and since
Andy W was driving down separate anyway, we got on the road at 8PM.  We
had planned on leaving at 7PM, and had we left then, we might've even
beat the team down there who left at 4PM, since they stopped and had a
long, expensive dinner at Carrabas that Andy and I weren't at
all disappointed to miss.

#### Saturday Road Race

The road race on Saturday was two laps of a 14-mile loop, that was
mostly rolling of consisted of two (maybe 3) climbs that could be
considered decent hills.  The other inclines were just power climbs, aka
short enough to sprint up.  I started at the front of the race, and
stayed there for almost the whole first lap, until Christian went off
the front on the second climb.  At the beginning of the race everyone at
the front was really chatty, and we were all joking around which was
fun.  I was sitting up fiddling with my powertap at one point while out
front, and Zac jokingly yelled "sit down asshole" and some other people
were like "yeah!" it was funny.  After a downhill, we all hit the first
climb and I stood up a jammed all the way up.  At the bottom, everyone
was talking and by the top all I could hear was gears shifting...I made
'em hurt!  Other than sprinting up the hills, I pulled really easily.
 But somehow, you always manage to do more work than you think you are
doing on the front, and I could feel that after the race for sure.  The
powertap, from my back pocket, wasn't giving me any clues.  I bridged up
to one attack that I nearly certain would stick, since Navy, App and VT
(me) were all in it (along with a strong kid from VCU)...and I'd like to
know who chased that down.  Hopefully it wasn't a team of anyone in
it...jerks.  Anyway, I slipped to the back of the field with about 5
miles to go when Zac attacked, and was surprised that he got pulled in.
 He blew by the field when he went, zoom!  From there, I made some
aggressive moves and got to the front with a couple miles left.  I got
stuck on the front row, which I didn't think was all bad because the
whole group was getting noticeably anxious about the upcoming sprint.
 One guy attacked, but nobody thought he would be able to stay out front
on the last stretch when the group accelerated, so neither I nor anyone
else wanted to chase.  A huge effort on his part though, he managed to
stay out front the whole time, and won.  We got within 20 meters of him
at the finish, but he had just enough gap.  As I accelerated on the
front for the sprint, I thought I had a pretty good chance to just jump
off the front, and realized I would need more gear than I had in small
ring (I was already sitting in the smallest).  When I shifted up with
100 meters to go though, my chain flew off and I watched the field
sprint by.  A very disappointing finish, besides the fact Andy W snuck
around for 3rd.  I had a  lot of fun in the race, although I do wish I
could've given it a sprint.

The races finished early, and we got back to Justin's house with some
time before dinner.  We played on the trampoline, the swings, and had a
huge game of ultimate frisbee in the front yard.  It was a great time,
and so warm that we were playing shirts on skins! The teams were tri vs
cycling, and I qualified to be on the winning tri team because of my one
triathlon, yeah!  Dinner from the Crawford's was delicious, and just
what we all needed!  We also got to surprise Justin's sister's friend MT
by singing happy birthday when she came over haha.  After a few games of
celebrity, we called it a day.

#### Sunday Criterium

It poured rain Sunday on the parking lot criterium course on Duke's
campus, and it was tough to get out of the car into the rain to go warm
up.  I ended up taking a warm up through Duke Campus and it is so
beautiful...I got totally lost and had to speed back.  I made it back
just in time, thank you sense of direction!  Smartly, the C field took
the first few laps very cautious through the turns, still sprinting hard
on the straights though.  They had lined us up wider than the first
turn, so I had to make use of more than the course to get around and
make it in good position, and nobody said anything.  The race was good,
I could handle the wet turns really well and was on the front, or very
near it, for the whole race.  Coming into the last lap, I made a move
into fourth wheel where I wanted to be.  Coming out of the last corner
into the finish, I shifted down and sprinted...but had picked too big of
a gear and didn't get a great acceleration, so I only put half a wheel
into the guy ahead of me, darn! Andy W finished on my wheel for 5th
place as well.  After a cool down, my legs were tired but I decided to
give it a shot in the B crit as well, and talked Andy W into joining me.

We lined up at the back, and as Kevin shouted our rules to us (no
attacking, chasing breaks, working for teammates) I told him that we
planned on getting dropped in 5 laps anyway, and the group got a laugh
out of that.  After the start, Andy and I were near dead last, but I
made some more moves and starting moving up.  I passed a lot of people
in the corners, as it was raining and they were really hard turns.  I
could actually gain a lot of ground and took the corners harder than
most of the field, it probably helped that I had been railing through
them for 30 minutes earlier.  I passed Chris, Will, Cecil and John and
was like "cmon, boys!!" as I went by, hoping they'd grab my wheel and
move up.  Eventually the field had split into two groups, and I was in
the back one.  Tyler was the only Tech guy in front of me, in the front
group.  Before too long, Chris caught me and I pulled him as hard as I
could for half a lap and then he took off, making a massive effort to
bridge to the front group.  Idk how he does that....he would be so much
fresher if just stayed up front, but I couldn't hang onto that move. The
back group disintegrated pretty much, and it was eventually just me and
a couple other guys that hadn't been lapped.  I ended up working for a
few laps with a guy from Navy that seemed cool actually, and then for
the rest of the race with a different guy from some school until I
gapped him when the leaders caught up to us.  Two guys were off the
front of the lead group, and once they did catch me, I stuck their
wheels.  They weren't actually going that hard...I could hang on just
fine, especially through the corners.  After a few laps of sitting on
them, coming into the really sharp top corner, they both slipped out.  I
nearly hit them as well, since I was right on their wheel, but managed
to avoid the slippery crash.  Yeah for bike handling!  Since I pretty
much stopped for that, by the time I got going again the main pack was
about to lap me, so I got pulled.  I counted, and had I been a B, I
would've scored in 13th.  I was really happy with that, and had so much
fun flying through the corners in the rain.  Chris and I both were
hitting the corners with no brakes like they were dry, with an inch of
rain on the pavement, and that was an adrenaline rush for sure.  Outside
of a race, I couldn't imagine taking corners like that.

I'm excited to be getting on the road to Philly today, although I do
have a lot to do first, and then getting home tomorrow!!
