Title: Poconos!
Date: 2011-11-28 15:39
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: poconos

 

I took an invitation from David Henry to come down and spend the final
two days of my Thanksgiving break (I ought to rename is Thanksgiving
"adventure") exploring where he grew up: in the woods in the Pocono Lake
Preserve. David's Dad, John, is the manager of the Pocono Lake Preserve
and that means that they live on the preserve and have access to /
maintain / build some awesome trails around the lake. It's a beautiful
area, and I really enjoyed my stay there. His house is nice, and I
actually slept under the rock wall in David's room. Yeah, for real.

Turns out that David is only 3 hours away from Syracuse which is really
cool, and it's right on my way down 81 to Tech, so it was a chance to
break up my drive as well. On Saturday after I got there at noon, we ate
lunch, went on a mountain bike ride, watched the virginia tech football
game while eating more delicious leftover thanksgiving food, and then
hung out before going to bed. The ride was great, we got muddy and spent
a lot of time not necessarily riding, but drinking out of natural
springs, fixing suspension bridges, riding over logs and clearing trees
from the trail. It was sweet.

There are some gorgeous views of the lake along the mountain bike
trails, and that was cool. The riding there is awesome. I need to work
on getting over trees, but I'm sure a few more rides that include downed
trees all over and I'd really have the hang of it (was getting much
better after two rides). David broke out some crazy trials mode, that
I've only imagined seeing people do on the trails, and that was really
amazing.

To best avoid the crazy thanksgiving traffic down 81 (it took Stephanie
7+ hours to make a 4hr drive back to Tech on Sunday), David and I opted
to leave much later, and it worked! We hit about 20 minutes of traffic
in PA, that was just congestion from lots of cars, but it was smooth
sailing in VA!! Pretty sweet. Since we weren't leaving until 4, we had
all day to go out on an even more epic mountain bike ride too! We rode
pretty hard for like 3 hours, circumnavigating the lake. It was awesome,
we got covered in mud, and hit like most of the trails out there. Could
ride for days in those woods.

Not really saying half of what I have to say here, but it was a really
awesome couple days. And thanks again to David's parents John and Amy
for the meals and having me stay!

[gallery link="file" order="DESC" columns="2"]
