Title: Andy Reagan, B.S.
Date: 2011-12-20 23:53
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: andy-reagan-b-s

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/gradimages4.jpg "gradimages4")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/gradimages4.jpg)

On December 16th, along with 1,300 other undergraduates, I received my
Bachelor's Degree! The fact that I finished my college degree is just
setting in, since I've been so focused on finishing my exams and where
I'm headed next. Without further adieu, I will be going to the
University of Vermont to study Uncertainty Quantification under Dr.
Chris Danforth beginning on Jan 1, 2011 with a GRA. The fact that I
finished my ugrad early, ahead of my friends even, is just flying by as
I move on (I get less of a break than those heading back to school!).

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/gradimages1.jpg "gradimages1")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/gradimages1.jpg)[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/gradimages3.jpg "gradimages3")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/gradimages3.jpg)

Highlights of finishing up include getting an A- in Real Analysis, which
I am very proud of and while taking a very heavy course-load has proved
to myself (and apparently some others) that I'm really ready for
graduate study.

The Wednesday before the commencement ceremony I had a party at my house
in Blacksburg that my parents supported with a catered Moe's dinner and
some carbonated beverages for my friends. It was great being able to
bring all of my friends in BBurg together for one last time, and going
downtown afterwards was a good deal of fun. And one of the best parts of
all was the Thursday morning running that Chrissy, Andy, Rudy, Rachel
and I went on, that was very excellent.

Graduation ceremony itself was great, preceded the night before by a
great dinner at the Inn at Virginia Tech. We met the Dean of the College
of Science at breakfast, and during graduation Team Graduation Beard was
separated by college but we reunited later that night. I sat by Tina,
which was actually a lot fun, and Dr Brown was the Master of Ceremonies
so I got to talk to him for awhile and get a big hug before walking
across the stage.

Dan Z and Dan K (and Dan Z jr) made it down for some pouch (porch-couch)
drinking on Thursday night and then the ceremony Friday, and going out
downtown in celebration Friday night as well. Ruthie was there for both
the ceremony, lunch and DT that night as well, and I just polished off
her peanut butter bar grad present, mmmm. After the ceremonies, the gang
(parents, jean, dan, dan, ruthie, and I) had lunch at the one and only
(well, I suppose there are actually two) Cabo Fish Taco. As good as
ever. Then my parents headed home with a Honda Pilot full of my stuff
that I'd packed up the day before. With the stuff I'd sent in David's
truck (to be transferred to my car in the Poconos) and the stuff that I
fit in Zdan's van, I didn't have any problem transporting my belongings
home. Or any need for the [embarassing] U-Haul. (I really hope I don't
have that much stuff).

Dan, Dan, and I pretty much sped back on Saturday, with a stop to get
Alex some stuff he'd forgot in Blacksburg up in Nova, saving him the
drive back. I definitely owed him that. Once we got to David's (I drove
the whole way), I spent the night there caroling and then next day
hauling stone, shooting skeet, running singletrack w Smoky, and having
some great conversation about the state of society with David. The Dans
continued the three hour (claimed they did it 2:20, I really hope they
didn't) drive home.

Today I just finished getting housing arrangements, and mailed out my
official acceptance letter for the GRA offer at UVM, two pretty
important things to get wrapped up.

Upcoming in the next week is... guest lecturing in Zdan's high school
physics class about non-linear dynamics tomorrow, mountain biking with
Sam at Highland Forest on Thurs/Fri, at some point building my free
motion rollers, and then its Christmas Time!! I already got my big
present today when it came in the mail, a super warm LL Bean jacket that
I'll surely need to stay warm in chilly Burlington.

That's all for now! (For pictures, see my twitter, and I'll post some up
here later).
