Title: the TOUGH DAWG
Date: 2011-11-03 14:40
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life
Slug: the-tough-dawg

I first heard about this challenge from the manliest of men, Sir Justin
Morrison who is currently at OCS and who would have most surely
dominated the challenge yet again. Every year, (for the past while
anyway) the local running store and triathlon team sponsor RunAbout
Sports puts on the Brush Mtn Breakdown 16-mile trail race. And the very
same weekend, triathlon and cycling team sponsor East Coasters hosts the
Rowdy Dawg mountain bike race, with a category XXC (pronounced
double-cross-country) comprising of a hardy 36 miles that includes
traversing the very rocky Gap mountain twice.

After a season on mountain bike racing, and training for my first
marathon, I felt I would never be more ready to complete these races
back-to-back and claim the title of Toughest Dawg in Justin's absence.

Here are both of my write ups from immediately after the races from
Garmin Connect.

#### Brush Mtn Breakdown

It was a chilly morning for this year's Brush Mtn Breakdown, with the
kind of wind that takes your warmth down to the bone. My race went well,
not too fast to Beast and I hiked up to save some for the return and for
tomorrow. Chrissy passed me on Beast, but she took a wrong turn onto
Mayapple and cut the course by a little, so we never saw her. By we, I
mean Alex Brown and I, who ran pretty much from mile 7-on together,
after I caught him down Snake. He was a great running buddy, together we
had a solid pace and he gave me a couple block shots along the way. The
worst part of my race was when I tried to avoid a stream crossing by
walking across this downed tree, but I slipped and bounced off my right
quad and into the stream. That hurt, but just a scrape on my leg and arm
that will heal quick. Alex waited up a little bit for me and we didn't
slow down for long. He had enough left for a sprint into the powerful
finishing headwind, and got me there. We also passed Ruthie finishing
her 8-miler on our way back. Our course may well have been 16 miles, but
the Garmin doesn't get all of the little turns and twists of the trail,
especially when I'm flying down it. I think the 8-mile on the other hand
was a little longer, at like 8.5. And special props to Chris Crowley for
finishing on a busted ankle at mile 8.

Â 

#### Super D

Not long after getting home from the running race, I was headed back up
to the top of Brush Mtn, this time pushing/riding a bike that I was to
race back down. I wore everything I had, and was sweating my butt off on
the way up but comfortable as the wind swept across the ridgeline on the
very top. I didn't actually hit start on the Garmin before heading down
the mountain, and without risking death I kept my hand firmly attached
the to the handlebars, so no data. I'm not sure where to get the times
for the downhill during the VT home MTB race, but I'm pretty sure that I
beat my time, even with a mistake (not a crash though, I went off the
trail and had to stop real quick to get back on). Knowing that I had a
long race coming the next day, and house to clean before a party that
night that got off the hook, I didn't stick around for the Chill Cat DS.

#### Rowdy Dawg

It was cold one, although if anything I was overdressed, and this race
cracked me. My water bottle I'd brought was moldy and without a chance
to clean it, I left without it and that combined with lack of
sleep/slight dehyrdation from the night before caught up with me
eventually. I got the first aid station at mile 14, having done the Gap
trails which were killer, and climbed to the very peak of Brush, and I
was exhausted. Cole was there, and he even said I looked rough. But I
got some food in me, some cheerwine, and it picked up. I rode well until
I started cramping on the climb on Joe Pye on the second lap, but
spinning lightly still made it to the top. Made it to the aid station
again fine, and David and Emily were there so I hung out for like 10min
and it was fun. Drank like 3 sodas, but that didn't help much and I
cramped realllly bad coming back up Poverty. Had to walk/spin
ultra-lightly the rest of the way, even cramping while walking a few
times. I finished though, and although my time wasn't great, I think
finishing is what earns the title of Tough Dawg. I wasn't the ToughEST
dawg, as Laura Hamm crushed the course today. All in all, I felt great
about how I rode technically, mostly cleaning the Gap trails, including
both times up that really steep guy while people were hiking it saying
"we paid to do this..." haha, and I wish my legs could have been more
with me to finish stronger, but I did that to myself by coming into this
weekend tired, and missing 2hrs of sleep the night before this race. I
do feel ready for Richmond. And on another big positive, I didn't crash
at all!! Even being so tired. So I definitely think my technical skills
are coming together, combined with going a speed at which I feel
comfortable.

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/312513_10150353096653111_525828110_8267335_1095315394_n.jpg "312513_10150353096653111_525828110_8267335_1095315394_n")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/312513_10150353096653111_525828110_8267335_1095315394_n.jpg)

#### Overall

I was really excited to see Laura Hamm before the run on Sat, and she
was doing the 16-miles with her last run being that race last year, and
she was of course doing the tough dawg! So I wasn't going it alone. I
did get her in the run by about 10min, and then by 3sec in the Super D,
but I'm pretty sure that she crushed me so hard in the MTB race that
didn't matter at all. So props to Laura for being the toughEST dawg, and
I'll settle for being just a tough dawg.
