Title: Six hours of Dirty Dawg
Date: 2011-07-27 08:54
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: six-hours-of-dirty-dawg

After a crazy week (Lyric Monday, TOTS Tuesday, Wed comedy night, Thurs
baseball game), I spent a night in the woods Friday night (hammock style
of course) and then partook in the longest bicycle race I've ever done,
and it was on a mountain bike! I was hoping to get some time to think
about what I want to study, and that didn't happen, but the race was
nothing short of EPIC.

The idea is to complete as many laps as possible of a 5.7mi course in 6
hours.  Laps were rumored to take 45min, and Christian was shooting for
50min, so having only mountain biked twice this summer I set my goal at
1hr pace for a total of 6 laps.  There were three categories: solo, duo,
and single speed. Duo guys alternate laps, solo do it alone, and the
real crazies aren't the solo guys (myself included) but the single
speeders. They're riding with one gear up and down the mountains for 6
hours...

Kirby sent us off at 1PM, to do a small part of the course before coming
through the start/finish area.  I started near the back, and that turned
out to be a huge mistake.  At the first corner, someone ahead didn't
make it up the steep and technical little climb, and there were 40 of us
that had to get off and walk up too.  Then the pace was pretty weak, and
it wasn't until we hit some grass that I could open up and get around
everyone.  It was probably good that I didn't hammer out of the gate
though.

The first few laps went without issue, and I turned in some 45min lap
times which I was happy with while still learning the course.  I went
hard up the long climb, but wasn't really feeling too fatigued.

#### Crash 1

There were some gravel sections, and on one of them I locked out my
front fork because it's easier. Basically, turned off the suspension.
 Well, having been riding for like 3 hours, I forgot to unlock it and
went bombing down the ensuing downhill. On the downhill, there's a log
in the way, and I'd been fine bunny hopping it every other time.  But
when I landed, the suspension didn't absorb shock...instead sent it
right back at me, and it sent me flying through the air.  Realizing I
was in the air, I had a pretty cool moment, and thought about what I
should do.  "Tuck and roll" popped into my head, and that's exactly what
I did by lowering my shoulder into the trail below and rolling along.
 Turns out, this is the best way to crash, and I got up , saw no blood,
and kept right on going.

#### Rain

During the race, somewhere around 3hrs I think, it started pouring. Just
downpouring.  I got soaked to the  bone, which was fine, but my cell
phone I had left in the hammock probably wasn't as happy.  Nor was the
trail, which for real real sloppy, and the rocks on this very rocky
course, which protested by becoming extremely slippery.

#### Crash 2

At the 3hr mark, I was one minute off finishing four laps, and figured I
should keep it up and go for nine laps. I'd get to finish the 9th lap if
I came in before the 6hr mark.  So, two laps later, on what was my 6th
lap, I was again bombing down the really rocky downhill.  Having seen
Mark Zhu crash on it right after it started raining, I had been pretty
intent on focusing on the trail.  But after 4.5hrs of riding at this
point, constantly monitoring the trail ahead for every root and rock, my
focus had dwindled.

I'd just lapped Cecil, and then before I knew it, the bike was gone from
underneath me and I was headed for the trail.  I didn't have time to
react, and the trail was really rocky = not a good combination.  I
landed hard on my leg and rolled onto my back, still attached to the
bike in one big clump of mud, person, and aluminum.  Cecil saw this and
stopped when I asked him if the bleeding gash on my leg needed stiches,
and being able to see the white fatty tissue underneath when I pulled it
apart, it seemed that I did.  After debating whether to head back up the
climb to the start/finish, since there weren't actually any paramedics
there, I decided to just take a really really easy lap.

Emma caught up, and we all rode together which actually turned out to be
a lot of fun!  After losing something like 30min on that lap (and
getting passed massively), I spent another 20min at the support area
cleaning out the mud and putting on some butterfly bandages.

#### The Moment

After the adrenaline from the crash had long worn away, and I'd been
riding for *five hours*, now bleeding, my body **ached** and I was about
to throw in the towel.  On my slow 6th lap, and the time I'd been at
S/F, a bunch of people had passed.  I wandered over to the tent where
they we're keeping places, and looked that I was now in 7th, but not too
far behind.  One more guy came through for his 7th lap, and then
something clicked.  I said "I'm gonna go get him" and hopped on my bike
and sprinted off.

I hammered hard for the next 40min, and turned in my fastest lap time of
the day on lap 7.  Coming back through, I checked and have passed up to
3rd place overall.  Looking back, there was someone coming down the
trail behind me, so I took off without grabbing food or water.  It was
now 5:50 into the race, and I just had to hold off everyone behind me to
hold onto 3rd place.  2nd place was 15 out, so there was no catching
him.  My legs cramped on the long uphill, forcing me to stop and
stretch.  I'd look back and see below in the woods, and hop back on and
spin as hard as my legs would let me (pretty easy).  I took advantage of
my knowledge of the course and hopped off and ran the few really short,
really steep sections, and held my speed on the downhills.  On the
gravel, I opened up as much as I could, and by the time I was coming to
the end, had done it.

#### Post-race

I pretty much tipped over, and supporters brought me a cheeseburger and
beer, perfect!  I told Kirby that I was probably heading out to the ER
to get stiches, and as I was packing up, realized my phone had been left
in the rain.  Kirby said that he would do awards in like 10 min, so I
pulled up my car, and took my third place! Top three in each category
got to pick a prize from the table, and I got a seat which I desperately
needed.  The one I raced on was really crooked the whole time.  Kyle and
Brice won the Duo category, and Kyle got a tire that he needed (he'd
rode the finish of the race with a flat to hold a 1min lead) and Brice
got a bike cleaning kit (which we all desperately needed).

I was supposed to go over to Stephanie's for dinner, but it was already
close to 9PM, I still had to go to the ER, and I was phone-less.  I sent
her an email, and a tweet to my parents when I stopped at home, and
headed out.

#### ER

Turned out that my doctor was a huge cyclist, after the PA saw me and
said "Dr. ..., you have got to see this!" I was covered in thick mud,
including my face, and did have a nice gash.  We talked for awhile, I
actually felt a little bad for the other people in the ER.  The PA was
super super nice, and got my cut cleaned up.  Turned out that I didn't
actually need stiches, but I got it cleaned really really well and some
supplies to bandage it.

As I was on the phone with my parents, (apparently the "I'm fine"
prefacing my tweet is not sufficient to tell them I'm okay), Greg P
walked out of another room.  He had come up from his internship in NC
with Kevin and one of their other friends to do the MTB race, and
against him, the race had won.  He came in because he had some pretty
severe dehydration, and I wanna give some props to Kevin P for having
only ridden a mountain bike like twice, bringing a small, fully rigid,
commuter with v-brakes and finishing the race.  He was on a duo team
with the other guy (sorry, forgot his name), but still he manned up.

One of the funnier moments was when Kevin walked over to my tent area
with his bike before the race.  Immediately, all of us hardcore mountain
bikers had tools in our hands, and were surrounding his bike; taking off
reflectors, fixing his seat height, swapping out his pedals.  I let him
borrow my other pair of clipless shoes and pedals, since I was borrowing
James, and a VT jersey so he'd look legit.

#### Dinner/Crash

I was finally able to get ahold of Stephanie with Paul's phone when I
got back home at 11, and she had actually waited! After I showered off,
and dropped off the other guy's gear at James' place, I went over to her
place for some delicious and much needed stuffed shells.  My Garmin told
me that I burned over 8,000 calories, which is probably high, but still
a lot.  After a long week, and a hard race, lots of food, I slept like a
baby once I got back.

All in all, my first endurance race was awesome.  I'm proud of my
"moment" to man up, and didn't get too injured really.  Although it's
been four days, and my right quad still had a nasty looking bruise. It's
actually getting worse.  That 12 mile run last night couldn't have
helped.  Anyways, that's all for now, I shall post pictures once they're
up!
