Title: Bicycle Safety
Date: 2011-01-12 15:39
Author: andyreagan
Category: Sustainability
Slug: bicycle-safety

Since seeing the TED Talk by Mikael Colville-Anderson the case to *not*
wear a helmet while riding a bicycle, I've searched the interwebs far
and wide, devouring anti-car sentiments and governmental statistics.
 Watch this first.

<http://video.tedxcopenhagen.dk/v.swf>

There is so much information out there, I can't really think of a great
way to present it, so rather than rattle off some statistics...I've
linked some of what I found to be the best information below.

[Bicycle Almanac: Statistics about Safety, Fatalities, &
Injuries](http://bicycleuniverse.info/transpo/almanac-safety.html)

"There is no way to be alive and not take risks." [De
Clarke](http://www.daclarke.org/AltTrans/)

[Fear of Cycling 03 - Helmet Promotion
Campaigns](http://www.copenhagenize.com/2009/09/fear-of-cycling-03-helmet-promotion.html)
Mikael Colville-Anderson

There are a lot of takeaways.  Without getting too "radical" and
suggesting that we take a rational look at car culture (which is killing
43,000 and costing \$436 billion annually, promoting a sedentary
lifestyle, paving the area of ohio and indiana combined in the past 30
years, and each American consuming/burning 435 gallon of oil/yr)...rail
is by far the safest way to travel.  Bicycling can be made to look more
dangerous than driving, or safer.  But I think a point is missed.  It's
not that the biking is dangerous, it is that autos are dangerous to
cyclists as well as themselves, other motorists, and people walking.
 I'm not sure I like the dehumanizing term "pedestrians."  Safety aside,
biking is the clear winner for health, for sustainability, and for
livable cities (50% of the surface area of most cities is paved,
combined parking for each car at 2500sq.ft./car).

That's all I've got for now, and certainly I am very hypocritical in
denouncing car culture here, and driving home.  My excuse: weather?
daylight? Doesn't matter really.  But I am trying to bike more miles
than drive this year...and hey, that's a start.  With plentiful, cheap
oil...living in a built environment designed from the road up for
automobiles...it's tough to fight back or opt out of this system.  And I
don't really plan on it, it's beyond my control.  Closing
thoughts...I'll bike or walk whenever I can since it is good for me and
is not unreasonably unsafe, and I'll have to let some of the information
process.  Will I go "car-free"? Someday, when I can live near I work.
 Heck, I already do that at college.  One of my requirements for a house
was biking distance, and it works.
