Title: Random thoughts
Date: 2011-04-28 01:37
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life
Slug: gary-v-vt-random-thoughts

Tonight I went to the presentation by Gary V at Burruss Auditorium,
after watching the whole event come together on twitter with John Boyer
(the Plaid Avenger). I wasn't sure what to expect, I mainly knew he was
a wine guy, but he gave a really amazing presentation
about entrepreneurship with some even more amazing give aways at the
end.

One of the things he gave away (besides 2 super bowl tickets, 10's of
thousands in gift cards, trip for 4 to LA for 3 nights, a weekend in NYC
and Jets game with him, 2 JOBS, etc) was \$10,000 toward a new startup.
 That one really got me thinking, what would I start.  One of the big
points of his presentation was that ideas were not important, but it was
being able to deliver on those ideas that matters.  So what if someone
else thought of it too, if you're the one that can make it happen.  To
me, this becomes: how would I make the world better.

I apologize that this gets pretty rambly.

Over the past couple years, I've become extremely interested in
transportation.  Since getting on the cycling team, and experiencing the
freedom and convenience of biking, transportation has become really
important to me.  When I'm not searching for congruent numbers (the area
of rational primitive pythagorean triples that I was looking at
tonight), or learning 1000 different programming languages, I often
think about the bicycle.  My thoughts are wide and varied.  And I've
written about it a little, but not a whole lot.  On the Virginia Tech
Cycling Team, and with Bike and Build, I've done things that most people
couldn't imagine on bicycle.  Riding cross country seemed pretty easy,
and climbing mountains, racing at extremely high speeds are things that
I think that I may take for granted that my body just does.  Last night
everyone at homebrew was amazed as I was demolishing some food, but am
still skinny.  Well, I was the only one who biked the two miles there.
And I swam for 1.5hrs before that...there ya go.

John Gardner and I have talked about starting a bicycle advocacy group.
 But what are most bicycle advocacy groups doing? Advocating for bike
safety, rather than advocating for people to ride bikes? I hope not.
 Why is bicycling deemed alternative transportation? Around town, it's
without a doubt my primary means of transportation.  I think that our
verbiage is important, and overlooked.

Gary V opened tonight talking about how scary it is to drive anywhere
now, and heck, the leading cause of death for my age bracket is car
collision. F the word "accident".

It's easy to hate cars. Really. They're dangerous, without a doubt, and
on the roads it's not bicycling that's dangerous but often the cars.
 Bike Snob NYC suggested that perhaps if we were to make bikes into
fearsome machines, destroying what lays in their path, that maybe we
would dedicate more road space to them.  I find myself being mad at
buses around campus, and how if I ever rode one, I would feel like the
laziest person in the world.  I saw one today spew a 20ft column of
solid black exhaust, which I had to breath in, and was tempted to make a
photo project out of capturing that  But then, when I need to go
somewhere outside of town...like home in NY, I'm behind the wheel of my
personal automobile.  Also easy to take for granted that everyone has
cars.  Heck, it's sometimes pretty convienent to have one...or wait, is
it? I just said biking was more convenient two paragraphs ago.

One of the things that I love about bikes are working on them.  I can't
draw the steel for the tubing, but I can pretty well assemble the parts
of a bicycle.  Riding a fixie really exemplifies the simplicity of it,
there's not much to the bike, not too many parts.  I've built wheels,
welded parts of  a trike together, and heck maybe next I'll braze tubing
together.  Working with things like that, and riding a bike that you've
assembled are awesome because the quality of the job is self-evident.
 If your rear derailer isn't shifting properly, well then it's that way
because you made it that way, and you have to be in tune with the
machinery to make it work.

Lately, I've thought more about how we as a society think we're pretty
advanced.  In college, in engineering and such, it's pretty easy to get
the impression that we got all this shit figured out.  But on a larger
scale, we're still fighting and killing each other. Fighting wars.
Extreme poverty and lack of education are problems we hear about, but
tough to imagine for me because I've been a student my entire life.  And
coming back to transportation.  Logic certainly does not prevail.  If it
was, I imagine we would design our built environment very differently.
 But heck, how do I know what would be best.  Sometimes I think about
what it would be like if they drew like a 3 mile wide circle around
town, built some parking garages on the outside of it, and then the only
way to get around on the inside was by human power.  Or if they turned
the drillfield into cycling only...it would certainly be easier to bike
around it, without having to navigate around the buses.

Maybe I've written a 3am post like this before, but just not posted it.
If you're reading this...well I didn't hold back, despite the fact that
most of these thoughts are incomplete.  And on paper (lcd), I think it's
hard to picture what I'm saying in a broader sense, how everything is so
connected.

Tonight I rode home from a couple hours of programming at the VBI, and I
think there was a tornado advisory out.  Either way, it was really
raining hard.  Most people would think of how terrible it would be to
bike home in the pouring rain, but really it's just a two mile ride.
 Sure, I got soaked, but I think a lot of people need to HTFU.  I take
it a little extreme, when blood running down my leg while mountain
biking just really doesn't phase me and it got down to like 35 this
winter in my room...some things that I don't think most people could
fathom.

Anyway, hope no one read this!
