Title: DC Reunion/AmTrak Experience
Date: 2011-01-12 11:07
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike and Build
Slug: dc-reunionamtrak-experience

This past weekend, I traveled to Washington, DC to reunite with Bike and
Build CUS 2010, and had a great time.  I was also excited to travel
there via train, and ended up going both ways on Amtrak.

I packed up my one small bag, and my sleeping bag into it's stuff bag on
Thursday morning.  Del drove me to the train station, and I got there
about half an hour early.  The station in Syracuse is right over behind
Carousel Mall, and I noticed that there was a lone bike in the rack
there.  I scanned my printed page at the quick-ticket thing and it
printed my tickets in about 5 seconds, much easier than I thought.  The
quick-ticket machines were located right in front of the main doors.  I
wandered over to some seating that was closer to the tracks, where it
looked like other people were waiting.  The station was small, so I
assumed that everyone else there was also going to NYC.  I watched the
time pass, found the train station on foursquare, and eventually put on
a cd.  I was rockin it old school he CD Player and big headphones.  The
time which the train was supposed to leave, 11:38, came and a few
minutes passed with no train... so I asked the man across from me if he
was taking the train to NYC.  A woman sitting to my left overhead my
question and said that it was supposed to be 30 min late.  Awesome.
 Forty-five minutes later, an announcement that the train was nearing
echoed, and all of us waiting there headed up to the platform.  The
train pulled up, and an Amtrak employee looked at my ticket and directed
me toward the front of the train.

[caption id="attachment\_1905" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="I packed light, the biggest thing was the sleeping
bag"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4223-300x199.jpg "IMG_4223")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4223.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1906" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The train
approaches"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4225-300x200.jpg "IMG_4225")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4225.jpg)[/caption]

The ride was very enjoyable; I had two seats to myself and sat next to
the window.  The train is quiet, and was a very comfortable temperature
all the way there.  I read my book, listened to music, surfed the web on
the Droid, napped a little, and looked out the window to passing houses
to pass the time.   All the way to DC, I was updating my foursquare (and
it updates twitter and FB) so that my parents could follow the journey.
 The view from Poughkipsee to New York along the Hudson, as the sun was
setting across the water, was beautiful.

[caption id="attachment\_1914" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="I could charge my cell phone, which was
cool"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4236-300x200.jpg "IMG_4236")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4236.jpg)[/caption]

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4238-300x200.jpg "IMG_4238")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4238.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4239-300x200.jpg "IMG_4239")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4239.jpg)

[caption id="attachment\_1919" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Incredible
view"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4242-300x200.jpg "IMG_4242")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4242.jpg)[/caption]

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4228-300x200.jpg "IMG_4228")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4228.jpg)

We arrived in Penn Station at 6:30PM and I had an hour before my next
train left for DC at 8PM.  After getting off, I looked for escalators
that went UP and eventually ended up outside in the crisp darkness,
staring up at the tall buildings and lights of the city.  I then wished
that I had planned better for a place to eat, and set out to find a
little pizza place or something like it.  A google search on my phone
revealed that the nearest brewery was a 15 minute walk, and I set out
that direction but decided not to risk going all the way in only 1.5hrs.
 In retrospect, the train did not leave early nor would it, so I
could've went there.  But, I was all by myself in the big city and the
only person I could blame if I missed it would be myself.  I stopped at
a small pizza place called The Bread Factory, and had some awesome
pizza.  I ate super fast though and was really worried about getting
lost in the station and missing the train, and rushed back to Penn.  I
still had 30 minutes to watch the board, but was OK with that.  We
boarded at about 10 minutes before 8PM, and off to DC we went!

[caption id="attachment\_1925" align="aligncenter" width="200"
caption="I stepped right out into downtown NYC... So many
people!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4248-200x300.jpg "IMG_4248")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4248.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1931" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="A closer look at that sign, the lbs of CO2 emitted
today"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4254-300x200.jpg "IMG_4254")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4254.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1932" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Penn
Station"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4255-300x200.jpg "IMG_4255")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4255.jpg)[/caption]

The ride down to DC was nice, and I fell asleep on the way, waking up in
Union Station! I passed right through Del's hood in Philly, and there
were some beautifully lit houses along the river, but I wasn't quick
enough with the camera.

[caption id="attachment\_1933" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="DC!!!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4256-300x200.jpg "IMG_4256")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4256.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1934" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="The platforms at Union
Station"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4257-300x200.jpg "IMG_4257")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4257.jpg)[/caption]

After figuring out how to calculate the fares, I took the Metro to
Sharif's apartment.  He was coming back from dinner at Caroline's and I
saw him walking from the metro station, perfect timing! He had to work
in the morning, and I was tired from my travels, so we both went to bed
soon.  Sharif was amazed that all I brought was that one bag, he of all
people should've understood how BnB teaches you to pack light.

The next morning I went for a run through the embassy district, by the
zoo, and to the National Cathedral.  I was awaiting the rest of the
CUS10 to get to Sharif's from the Metro for awhile after my run, giving
me time to shower and to read.  I was deep into my book when I heard
steps on the stairs, and I get so into books that it was a shock to see
everyone while I was still in NJ with Teddy R.  It was great to catch up
a little, and everyone is doing well.  We went to Chipotle for lunch,
then to the zoo and hung out at Sharif's apartment and had pizza for
dinner.  The zoo was pretty cool, and free, so I'll show some pictures
of that below.

Saturday I woke up early and ran toward downtown DC, straight down 16th
St to the White House.  From Sharif's, I had just headed for "the big
pointy thing" (Washington Monument, but that's how well my mind works
while running) but turned around when I got to the White House beacuse I
didn't want to miss breakfast with everyone.  It was a really good run.
 Cold out, and my right knee hurt before it warmed it, but I was able to
really cruise on the flat road.   Running on flats is an entirely
different thing than running up or down hills.  If I'm going to
keep/start running faster, I think I need to do some technique.

When I got back, people were just getting up so I \*unpromptedly\*
hopped in the shower after doing my push ups.  Then it was little while
before we headed out to IHOP, and I went with Jen, Emily and Carboni to
put our name in.  Emily wanted to go to this vegan bakery called "Sticky
Fingers" and it sounded good so I walked there with her.  I got a
oatmeal raisin cookie, and oh man it was good.  I can't remember exactly
now, but there was some very subtle flavor that made it delicious.
 Since I'd had peanut butter toast at the apartment after my run, I
didn't get anything to eat at IHOP after we waited 30min for them to
seat all 18 of us.  I would've liked a couple eggs over easy, but I
can't pay \$6 for that...when I could buy three dozen of the eggs
they're using for it.

After eating, a group of people took the metro out to Georgetown to
get tattoos and some of us stayed at the apartment for a little while,
since it was going to take a while and there isn't anything else to do
there except shop.  It took them about an hour to get there, and their
tattoos were so expensive that only two people ended up getting them,
Will and Britt.  I tried to talk the others at Sharifs into going
downtown, since I wanted to see the mall and maybe a museum or two while
in DC.  I was talking to Katie, and wanted to meet up with her but
didn't want to leave the group behind, and after convincing people to go
downtown for a little while, I didn't think we were going to be down
there very long anyway so it didn't really make sense to meet up.  Sorry
Katie!! That night a couple people went to the grocery store and we made
pasta and salad for dinner, which was good.  But here comes the bad
news:

While we were out at the museum, I got word from Alyson that he car
wasn't fixed yet.  And it wasn't going to be, until Monday at the
earliest.  Not her fault, but I was left without a ride unless I wanted
to hope they fixed her car Monday and miss work that day.  I looked at
the train, and since it was the next day, it was expensive.  My options
laid out like this: wait till Monday with a good chance her call will be
fixed (but uncertain), 3AM train, 5AM train, 11AM train and an 8PM
flight.  The transit options went 120-140-160-218 in order of time....
dang.  I got my ticket early enough on the way down that it only cost 75
after a AAA discount (the discount required early booking).  After
mulling over the decision all day and night, I decided to catch the 3AM
train back to Syracuse.  I really hated having to make the decision, it
stressed me out like nothing else.  Sometimes plans have to change
though, and I need to be better at going with it.  With the 3AM train I
figured that I would save the \$40 of the later train, and just say
goodbye that night before everyone went to bed instead of in the
morning.  Sharif let me print the ticket on his computer, and after
saying goodbye...I was so glad to see people again, I'm going to miss
them...I headed to the Metro.  Having a lot more confidence on public
transit after the ride down, the ride back was a breeze.  DC's Metro is
really nice, and I felt completely safe riding out to Union Station at
2:30AM.  I even met a really nice woman who saw my sleeping bag and had
been looking for one like it for 6 years.

The trains I was taking back were different, because neither of them
ended at my destination, and I wasn't trusting the Amtrak people to wake
me up.  So I didn't sleep well, but it was OK.  One of the times I did
get some sleep, it was in such an awkward position that my back and
right knee hurt were sore for most of Sunday.  I txted my parents and
let them know I was on my way home, and my Mom picked me up from the
station.   It was right next to Carousel, so we went there to bother
Kyle and worked, and I ended up getting a pair of jeans from Hollister
and my Mom found a rain shell for running that she was looking for.
 Kyle introduced me to the 99 cent bean burrito from Taco Bell, and with
enough hot sauce they weren't too bad.  One of the
biggest disappointments on the train home was that Moe's wasn't open in
Penn Station at 7AM when I was there...so I had to settle for a donut.
 I made sure to get a Krispy Kreme though, because I might be trying to
eat of dozen of them [on the
clock](http://krispykremechallenge.com/index.html) in February.

So that was the trip, and here are some more of the pictures.

[caption id="attachment\_1936" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="To Chipotle...although not being a big Chipotle fan, I really
liked the veg
burrito"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4259-300x200.jpg "IMG_4259")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4259.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1939" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Emily, Kristen, and
Britt"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4262-300x200.jpg "IMG_4262")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4262.jpg)[/caption]

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4271-300x200.jpg "IMG_4271")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4271.jpg)[](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4274.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4274-300x200.jpg "IMG_4274")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4274.jpg)

[caption id="attachment\_1955" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="sloth cat!!most of
us!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4278-300x199.jpg "IMG_4278")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4278.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_1979" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Aileen with a naked mole
rat"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4302-300x199.jpg "IMG_4302")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4302.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_2015" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Clothed mole
rats"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4339-300x199.jpg "IMG_4339")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4339.jpg)[/caption]

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4316-300x199.jpg "IMG_4316")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4316.jpg)

[caption id="attachment\_1982" align="aligncenter" width="199"
caption="Mark!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4305-199x300.jpg "IMG_4305")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4305.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_2024" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Bikes!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4348-300x199.jpg "IMG_4348")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4348.jpg)[/caption]

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4333-300x199.jpg "IMG_4333")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4333.jpg)[](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4350.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4350-300x199.jpg "IMG_4350")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4350.jpg)[](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4351.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4351-300x199.jpg "IMG_4351")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4351.jpg)

Then downtown

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4357-199x300.jpg "IMG_4357")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4357.jpg)[](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4364.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4364-300x199.jpg "IMG_4364")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4364.jpg)[](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4367.jpg)

[![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4367-199x300.jpg "IMG_4367")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4367.jpg)

[caption id="attachment\_2045" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Abe was a long way away through a fiercely cold headwind, but
we could see him from
here"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4369-300x199.jpg "IMG_4369")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4369.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_2052" align="aligncenter" width="199"
caption="We went to the Museum of Natural History, and they had a whole
Human Origins exhibit that was all about lots of things that I learned
this semester in my class. I didn't take any pictures of that, or the
dinos, but here is a cool staircase in
their!"][![](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4376-199x300.jpg "IMG_4376")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/IMG_4376.jpg)[/caption]

And that's all I've got in the way of pictures, I look forward to riding
the train in the future and a possible CUS10 reunion in Denver this
summer!!
