Title: Big Decisions
Date: 2011-02-04 18:10
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life
Slug: big-decisions

Taking on four math, and one programming course this semester was never
something I intended to finish.  That was before I realized about two
weeks ago that if I do finish what I'm in now, I'll be one class from
graduation.  I found out today that Dr. Laubenbacher will be getting his
grant renewed for another three years, and so it is looking very likely
that I will be in Blacksburg this summer.  And so I'd take my one
remaining course during the first summer session...and be done with
undergraduate.

It has all been dumped on my pretty quick, and I'm looking at taking the
GRE's pretty soon so that I can start looking at graduate schools.  At
VT, there is as program that my research advisor, Shernita Lee, is in
and it sounds pretty awesome.  Not so hard to get into,
a guaranteed stipend for two years, and a Ph.D. in 5 years.  I could, in
theory, start this fall. And then I would be coming out at 26 with Ph.D.
done.  It's called [Genetics Bioinformatics and Computational Biology
(GBCB).](http://www.grads.vt.edu/academics/programs/gbcb/)

Thinking about the type of other graduate programs that I would be
looking for...I would definitely want something interdisciplinary.
 Straight math is abstract and very very difficult to get at PhD in.
 Applied math is out there, and would be something I would be looking
for at the minumum.  At VT, there are other applied mathematics programs
as well such as ICAM and ICTAS.

Here is one that just popped into my inbox right as I am typing:
<http://www.rit.edu/emcs/ptgrad/_program_detail.php?id=58>

The GRE's can be taken anytime...and Shernita said they send scores to
five schools for free right after it, so I would in theory want to know
where I'm interested in going by then. By the end of the month, perhaps.

That's a lot on my plate right now, to think about.  Where I go to grad
school, and even more specifically who I research with will have a
profound impact on my future opportunities and where I end up in the
long run.  I learned that in my Human Origins class...where these people
making big discoveries gained their knowledge and developed their
careers was under important people in their field, which positioned them
to become successful.  Over the course of history, that has been the
case.

I think I'm going to chill tonight, I haven't gone out hardly at all
because I've been working so hard.  There's a bike race tomorrow
morning, then I may be going over the Ben B's to see an all-grain brew.
 Then a potluck at Will and Stephan's tomorrow night, and Super Bowl
Sunday!! Jason from the tri team is having a super bowl party, and sent
it out to the listserv earlier this week...and I acidentally hit reply
all, telling him that I'd bring my home brew keg, whoops!! Alcohol is
definitely not allowed on those listservs, as soon as I realized I'd
sent it to everyone, I had like a mini oh-shit sweat rush over me...but
it was okay, really.

Okay, later!
