Title: MAN RUN
Date: 2011-09-15 07:53
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: man-run

> The story of MAN RUN:
>
> Back in the days of yore, when gas was only \$3/gallon, math involved
> numbers instead of Greek letters, and MTV still showed music videos,
> an email was sent out to the triathlon listserv. It detailed an
> invitation to every girl on the team to meet at the chapel, run 2
> miles, then go eat ice cream at Ben and Jerry's afterward to talk
> about Cosmo and The Bachelor, and whether or not they were using the
> right shampoo.
>
> Sadly, this email was read by the entire listserv. However, in a
> fortunate turn of events, the eventual founder of MAN RUN also laid
> eyes upon it. He was unbiased, a wise man schooled in the Taoist
> philosophy of Yin Yang. Knowing that a dark excuse for a run such as
> this could not exist without a shining example of a workout for ALL to
> follow, he created MAN RUN: a run where everyone (men AND women) were
> invited to come and kick their own ass to their heart's content,
> a run where one could get a real workout in without going to a track,
> a run to make up for one's own slacking. And so was born MAN RUN to
> save us from our own pathetic excuses.
>
> The rules of MAN RUN are simple:  
>  1. Tell all your friends about MAN RUN  
>  2. Tell all your friends about MAN RUN  
>  3. He/she who is in front, determines the route of MAN RUN  
>  4. He/she who is not in front, will not lose sight of whoever is in
> front of him/her  
>  5. No whining  
>  6. If you go to the Huckleberry, you will be excommunicated
> from MAN RUN and be subject to 2 mile Ben and Jerry runs for the
> remainder of your time with the team  
>  7. MAN RUN is a drop run, but a few merciful participants may circle
> back to make sure no one gets lost
>
> This semester, MAN RUN will begin at 5:45PM at the Chapel every
> Wednesday evening, starting tomorrow. We seek the finest and bravest
> in the land to show us and themselves what they are made of. Many are
> called, and a lot of them man up and show up. Will you be one of them?
>
> THE END

I forwent bike racing at Wednesday Worlds (the Tabor loop made it
easier) to attend my first MAN RUN, the first MAN RUN of the semester,
and twas excellent. Looksee:

<http://connect.garmin.com:80/activity/embed/114492341>
