Title: Buzzard's Bay Sprint Triathlon
Date: 2012-09-23 00:15
Author: andyreagan
Category: Uncategorized
Slug: buzzards-bay-sprint-triathlon

Marking my fourth triathlon in five weeks, I traveled (drove) UVM
Triathlon down close to the cape in Mass, to a gorgeous spot on
Buzzard's Bay called Dartmouth, MA. A big thanks to Pat Kemple's parents
(Mike and Sheila (sp?)) for hosting the motley crew and providing us
with a great dinner the night before, in addition to cheering us on.
Also a huge thanks for Sarah for making the trip down to support me, not
too far away from her new job in RI.

The triathlon itself was good, although I didn't run as well as I would
have liked (same pace as the 10k two weekends ago). That's my own doing,
as I purposely gambled more on the bike and managed to catch everyone on
our team except for Ike. Coming into the run, I wasn't far behind Ike, I
was right on Jon's heels, and I knew that Pat and Adam would be right
behind me. I attempted to hold off Pat to no avail, bro was flying on
his way to a 16:58 5k, and couldn't reel in either Ike nor Jon who both
pulled away a little bit I think. Anyway it was good, I may have cut the
swim course (it was confusing, about half of the race cut out the last
two buoys that were supposed to guide in, but instead took you further
away), and for a bit of the bike leg was riding right on the edge of the
two-bike-length drafting rule, but still outside of it.

After the race, I got to chill and catch up with Sarah, eating a lunch
on the very pretty beach by the water. She's coaching women's lax at
Brown in Providence RI and it seems to be going really well for her
getting moved in, she was lucky to find a perfect roommate and friend
who is doing the same job with soccer. Not too far from Burlington, we
should definitely be able to see each other a few times a year which is
great.

That's all I've got for this race, it was a good one. I do think that
I'd need to do a lot more speedwork to be competitive at the sprint, and
I'm not sure that I even like the sprint as much. I just went for an 18
mile run today after three days of training, so I think I'm currently a
little more suited for the iron distance.
