Title: 2012 Joint Mathematics Meeting
Date: 2012-01-08 20:23
Author: andyreagan
Category: College life
Slug: 2012-joint-mathematics-meeting

This year the JMM, held by the American Math Society (AMS) and Math
Association of America (MAA) took place in Boston, MA and my summer MSSB
REU project was selected to present a poster at the Undergrad Poster
Session. This was my first experience at a big conference (the JMM is
touted online as the largest math conference in the world at 7K+
registrants), and it was definitely a learning one. I got to see a
handful of interesting talks, present my poster, explore Boston, and
catch up with friends that I hadn't seen since the summer.

Here's the day by day of what I was up to. I talk mostly about the food.

#### Wednesday

I carpooled down with my advisor Chris Danforth and also along for the
ride were Lewis Mitchell (postdoc in climate at UVM) and Kameron Harris
(masters student at UVM). We left bright and early from Burlington, at
7AM while temperatures lingered in the 2F range.

Arriving at about 11, it was extremely daunting at first trying to find
talks to attend. Turned out that there weren't any going on until lunch,
so we checked out the conference center and then all got lunch at Legal
Sea Foods.

In the afternoon, I was able to attend some interesting talks, get in a
speedy 4 mile run on some great trails with outstanding views, and then
that night Jim, Paul and I met up with Lewis and Kam and two of Kam's
friends for dinner at this really hip place called The Other Side Cafe.
They had Left Hand Milk Stout on tap! And delicious veggie burritos.

#### Thursday

The four of us, and Chris's former teacher at Bates College, [Chip
Ross](http://www.bates.edu/mathematics/faculty/ross-shepley-l-ii-chip/)
at lunch at the Top of the Hub which was on top of the very tall
Prudential Building. The views were great, and we talked a lot about
bifurcations which I understand, but not at the level that these guys do
who've been studying dynamical systems for some time. Views from the
top:

[caption id="attachment\_2783" align="aligncenter" width="550"
caption="boston!!!"][![boston](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-05_13-56-08_893-1024x764.jpg "2012-01-05_13-56-08_893")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-05_13-56-08_893.jpg)[/caption]

Everyone from the REU from the summer were in town for dinner, except
for Laurel who was still on her way, so we all got together for dinner
at restaurant recommended by Jim called The King and I. It was great
thai food and company! That was pretty much it for that night.

[caption id="attachment\_2785" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="the dinner invitation I texted
out"][![dinner invitation](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-05_16-46-02_146-300x224.jpg "2012-01-05_16-46-02_146")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-05_16-46-02_146.jpg)[/caption]

#### Friday

The theme of the this post is definitely feeling to me like food and
travel, and not as much math, but this is more interesting for the most
part. The first day I grabbed breakfast, I got two eggs on a wheat bagel
at ABP and it was real good. I first went to support a fellow hokie,
Scott Burton, present his research from the past summer on graph theory
stuff. I went to a few other talks after that were actually not what I
expected, and I guess that happens.

Now that the entire REU gang was in, except that John and Hussein bailed
for lunch, we took the T up to the North End to see historic Boston and
get some great food. We ate a really small italian place, and it was
just us. It felt just like we were eating in the kitchen of an italian
lady's kitchen, and the spinach ravioli come recommended by me!

[![Alt](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-37-33_652-300x224.jpg "2012-01-06_11-37-33_652")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-37-33_652.jpg)

[caption id="attachment\_2788" align="aligncenter" width="224"
caption="the old north
church"][![The old north church](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-43-25_621-e1326083457786-224x300.jpg "2012-01-06_11-43-25_621")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-43-25_621.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_2789" align="aligncenter" width="224"
caption="laurel was
happy!"][![laurel](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-43-34_414-e1326083540729-224x300.jpg "2012-01-06_11-43-34_414")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-43-34_414.jpg)[/caption]

[![alt](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-43-52_811-300x224.jpg "2012-01-06_11-43-52_811")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-43-52_811.jpg)

[caption id="attachment\_2791" align="aligncenter" width="224"
caption="my bro
Paul"][![paul](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-46-50_729-e1326083583967-224x300.jpg "2012-01-06_11-46-50_729")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_11-46-50_729.jpg)[/caption]

[caption id="attachment\_2793" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="Emily (right) inside Mike's
Pastry"][![emily](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_12-40-57_262-300x224.jpg "2012-01-06_12-40-57_262")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_12-40-57_262.jpg)[/caption]

I tried again to find some interesting talks, and sort-of did. But
before long it was time for me to do what it was that I'd come to do,
present my poster! The ugrad poster session was nuts, with over 300
posters being presented. It turned out to not work very well having all
four us man one poster, so we took 30min turns at explaining what we did
this past summer.

[caption id="attachment\_2795" align="aligncenter" width="550"
caption="the poster session,
huge!!"][![poster session](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_15-52-45_195-1024x764.jpg "2012-01-06_15-52-45_195")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_15-52-45_195.jpg)[/caption]

After the poster session, Laurel and I headed out for what turned out to
be an amazinggg run. [Check it
out.](http://connect.garmin.com/activity/140090311) Here is the view we
had from the trail on the Charles River, looking back at Boston where
we'd come from:

[caption id="attachment\_2804" align="aligncenter" width="550"
caption="water like glass, dirt trail,
awesome"][![trail](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_18-42-31_437-1024x764.jpg "2012-01-06_18-42-31_437")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-06_18-42-31_437.jpg)[/caption]

I was late for dinner at the Back Bay Social Club, where I got the
dirtiest look I ever have from a bartender, when I didn't tip on a \$8
beer. I've never paid that much, and actually had out \$6, ready to
leave a dollar tip *even* if it cost 5. But 8!? Sticker shock I guess.
But looking on the menu later, the beer I ordered was actually only
supposed to be 7...whatever.

Kam, Lewis and I ended up heading to BU for drinks w Kam's friend again,
and it was a fun night up there. I forget the name of the little town.

#### Saturday

Perhaps the most interesting talks of the conference from the group that
I came with took place on Sat morning. We heard from experts in the
field on Data Assimilation and Dynamical Systems, and I learned quite a
bit. I also got to meet [Chris
Jones](http://www.amath.unc.edu/Faculty/ckrtj/), who gave an excellent
talk, and is the head of the [MCRN](http://www.mathclimate.org) that is
offering a course this spring that I am considering attending.

I had to check out of the Westin, and carried all of my stuff (with some
help) to lunch at the Cafetaria Boston w Laurel, Paul, Lewis, and Kam.
Their fish tacos were great.

The afternoon was the session on Mathematics of Climate Change and
Sustainability which was chaired by Chris and he spoke in first. The
first three talks were great, and after that more educations based and
less mathie. I learned from each of the first three. Apparently it got a
little more heated later, about the challenges and obligation to teach
mathematics with applications in the classroom. I had dipped out to haul
my luggage two miles across Boston to Lewis' hotel, the Omni Parker.

I had some free time while the talks were over, and Kam and Lewis were
at the hockey game so I grabbed my laptop and headed to find a coffee
shop with wireless. I stopped at Jos A Bank to ask why my shoes seemed
to be falling apart on the bottom, but apparently it's normal wear for
dress shoes.

[caption id="attachment\_2770" align="aligncenter" width="300"
caption="wasn't sure they were supposed to wear like
this"][![alt](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-08_20-45-15_69-300x224.jpg "2012-01-08_20-45-15_69")](http://andyreagan.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/2012-01-08_20-45-15_69.jpg)[/caption]

I ended up stopping at the ABP, where I got a little package of grapes
and little bag of assorted nuts to hold me over till dinner which I was
actually quite productive and researched for, then registered for my
classes this spring.

That night, we got dinner again at The Other Side and I got the other
veggie burrito which was also excellent. And I had the Avery Salvation
Ale, a belgian strong ale and it was reallyyy good.

We met up with a couple other mathematicians after at some bars called
the Dead Author's Club, and then Boston Beer Works. They were home to
more really good beer, in particular the Slumbrew Porter Squared Porter
was amazing. It was pretty neat for me to be by far the least educated
in the group, the other guys were post-docs at MIT and on fellowships.
All in all, it was a really great night out on the town and to cap off a
great week in Boston.

#### Sunday

We headed out of Boston at like 11AM, and Chris had picked up some more
amazing canolies from Mike's Pastry to cure Lewis, Kam and my hangovers.
I felt fine, but the canoli was much appreciated. Upon returning "home,"
I've been able to rest up, get groceries and make dinner, write this up
and get ready to head into the office tomorrow.[gallery link="file"
order="DESC" columns="2"]
