Title: ADK
Date: 2012-07-20 13:51
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: adk

My friend Dan always used to tell me that "you're out of control." I've
come to realize he's right.

#### The ride

After completing Vermont's motorcycle course on Sunday afternoon, I
bought a 1993 Honda Nighthawk 750 that night. Then proceeded to ride it,
with a 60lb frame backpack, on roads for the first time to the
Adirondacks to meet Sam and hike for the week. Most advice is to start
on a 250cc motorcycle, which is what we rode in the Vermont course, oh
well. I didn't have a helmet either, but the guy I bought it from gave
me his. It fit okay.

I survived the ride, despite the massive headwind riding south to NY,
the darkness and (stinging at 60mph) rain, and having to barter for gas
in NY where the power was out in the whole region.

#### The search

Arriving at "The Garden" parking lot somehow, I set off on the trail.
Leaving only a note to the parking attendant that I didn't know how much
to pay for a motorcycle (and not having change anyway), I left with one
of those nagging little worries that my bike was going to get towed.

If you've ever hiked in the dark, by yourself, on new trails, in the
rain...this next part might make more sense. Wanting to just finish the
hike, I didn't bother to take off my thick flannel, uncomfortable boots,
or long pants that I'd worn for protection on the motorcycle. Nor did I
know that there was a helmet lock on the bike, so I strapped the helmet
to my already heavy bag too. Set for disaster.

After hiking for-well, I wasn't sure how long-it felt like I'd been
climbing a mountain and should have already passed the...well I didn't
know where Sam was going to be. I was burning up in what I was wearing,
and thought I'd taken the wrong trail. Turns out I'd been hiking for an
hour, and was on the right trail, but I only realized these things after
hiking back down.

Two hours gone, I set back out, with the heavy wet clothes now on my
back and the boots still rubbing my feet raw. Eventually I made it to
the Johns Brook Lodge, where I expected to find the Spisiak party. But,
they weren't there, I was informed after waking up the rest of the
campers. The only indication I'd had of there whereabouts were Sam
mentioning lean-to's in a txt earlier, and their trailhead sign-in which
said "loj." At the second sign-in, not far from the JBL, they hadn't
signed in. It was late, but the lean-to's weren't far and I wanted to
find Sam really bad. I ditched the pack and set off with running shoes
and shorts, a t-shirt, my garmin, a headlamp, and a laminated cartoon
map of the area in my hand.

I found the first set of three lean-to's on the other side of John's
Brook, with no Sam. There was another lean-to on the map, further
away...but I'd come this far. I went back to where it should have been,
but couldn't find it from any trails. The map had it next to a stream,
and so I bushwacked down the stream, walking a little bit each
direction, nothing to see from the stream.

When I went back up to the stream-side trail...it wasn't there. I must
have gone too far along the stream. I searched for it, to no avail. I
pushed back down to the stream, and began to follow it downstream.

I was lost in the woods.

Eventually, I would have to reach the Ausable River, I figured. Luckily,
a trail bridge crossed the stream, and I got up to that trail. It had
red markings, which I was unfamiliar with, and the little trail map I
had was useless. I hiked one way, and was definitely going up a
mountain. Around I went and back across the bridge.

Two beady eyes on the trail look back at me.

I shouldn't have been hiking at night, the trailhead warned. Bears are
prevelant. I don't have anything to make noise with. I flick my headlamp
to spotlight mode, and it's a deer. PHEW. Continuing on, I suddenly
reach the JBL from an entirely different direction. WOW. I had indeed
been hiking up to Marcy, and I have no idea how I found the Lodge that
night.

#### The hike

The next morning at 5AM, I was awoken by Grace (at the time, some young
blonde girl I didn't know), but then I head Sam's voice. YES! It was
them! They came by the lodge! The few hours of sleep I'd had on the
benches in the lodge (the mice bothered me too much on the floor)
weren't great, but I can lose 1 night, right?

We set out with an ambitious plan of 7 high peaks in one day. We hiked,
we rock climbed, Sam almost had a panic attack on the cliff, we ran out
of water, and we crushed 6 peaks that day.

Tired, we skipped on tenting it that night, and hiked our heavy packs
back out for the night. Riding the motorcycle without the load was great
actually (I threw my pack in the Roger's truck).

#### More fun back at the cabin

The remainder of the week wasn't nearly as nuts, although I didn't quite
realize how long the road climb up Whiteface was until I climbed on it
on Sam's mountain bike (which was too small, lacked clipless pedals, and
a bit heavier than my racing machine) for the full 3500ft. Luckily, I
didn't break 15 minutes from the best time, so I didn't have to buy Sam
the jersey at the top.

Other highlights from the rest of the trip were some A&W fun, another
(easier) couple hikes, canoeing, and eating lots of food. Oh, and I got
to chop down trees with an axe...always fun.

On Friday, I headed back for the Vermont Brewer's Fest.

Thanks for reading!
