Title: Fall semester update, ready to Chile
Date: 2012-11-15 21:40
Author: andyreagan
Category: Uncategorized
Slug: fall-semester-update-ready-to-chile

I'm all packed up and ready to begin a journey to Chile tomorrow, to see
Sam after three months apart and hike some of the true wilderness of
Patagonia. All the t's are dotted for the details, including a window
seat on the Delta flight into South America and an awesome place to stay
in Vina through airbnb.com.

This semester has been a boatload of work, mostly from my Advanced
Engineering Dynamics course. Sounds fancy, but it's really just applied
PDE's, or even more simply a whole lot of separation of variables. Safe
to say I feel comfortable confronting any PDE that is separable by now,
and have gone the extra miles with the homework by deriving the
solutions from the original PDE, and making nice visuals in Python with
Numpy and Matplotlib.

I'm also taking a measure theory course, I can't remember the fancy
name, and it's dry but still a bit interesting. Building an abstract
measure isn't too crazy, it's just really detailed with lots of entities
like semi-algebras and sigma-algebras and borel sets. Perhaps the most
exciting part so far has been proving the big integration theorems,
namely the Lebesgue Dominated Convergence Theorem. Heck it just sounds
cool. And now we're working with L-p spaces, which are big boy sets of
functions that I've glossed over the details of at conference
presentations. This course is hopefully preparing me to take the written
ph.d qualifier in real analysis, which I probably won't take for awhile
so I'm going to have to make a real concious effort to keep this stuff
fresh in my brain for awhile.

My final class is turbulence with Yves Dubief, which I'm taking because
of the vague connection to research that I will hopefully be starting
soon on the UQ of ablative flows. So far it's been a crash course in
fluid dynamics, and I'm trying to keep up with the variables most of the
time (nu is viscosity, right?). Our final project for the class is going
to be designing a method to control turbulence in flows, perhaps by
making the fluid react to kinematic stresses by increasing viscocity
(that'll help kill turbulence, for sure).

Through the thick of it, I've been spending a little bit of time
thinking about some other things that are academically oriented, and
soon I'll be linking up to a blog post about some of the network stuff
that I've been thinking about out, and spent some time trying to write
it up.

Frame 1.0 has been on hold since the end of the summer, where I brazed
the front triangle together in one day, after spending countless hours
thinking, designing and mitering. I've been derailed by two things
really, (1) school and (2) complication of the build. School hasn't
allowed me too much time (try doing research on top of a 60 hour
academic week and tell me about it), not to mention a bit of triathlon
and having some awesome visits from my buddy Dan Z and my Dad this past
weekend, which were great. Then the build itself: I've got the front
triangle together, and ran out of brass. Well yesterday I got more brass
in, and I'm not happy with the quality of the brazes on the front
triangle so I'll need to practice with this new stuff. There's no
question about it: to get better at anything takes time. If I could
braze one joint a day, monitoring my progress and carefully recording
the process that I use each time (amt/type of flux, type of flame and
heat, specific techniques) then I could nail some pretty brazes, but I
haven't managed to fire up the torch once since the summer, to be
brutally honest. I haven't even gotten to the complication of the build
itself: now I'm at attaching the chain stays to the bottom bracket, and
there are three degree of freedom that I have to deal with here. If I
was using a lugged BB, this would be soooo much easier. I really tried
to go the math and figure out how to best place the stays in the ground
plane, but even that isn't easy at all, and I haven't considered the
crank yet. Designing and building a frame is far beyond a trivial
matter, so far.

Eventually I'll add some photos from the phone in here, I'm thinking of
one of a very rusty frame right above here...

As of the past month, the brewhouse is up and fully running again, and
I'm drinking my own porter right now. I've got two kits waiting to be
brewed (figured I should just wait till after break), one sitting in
secondary that I'm very excited about as well. Building contraptions for
brewing, and being able to drink the fruit of the labor is really just
sweet.

I've started to work on the motorcycle a bit, but didn't follow through
with the repair all the way. The tank was leaking a little bit, not a
concerning amount, and so I decided to sand the paint off and fill it in
with some JB Weld. It got complicated when I'd been sanding and gone
through sometime like a half inch of powder. And I got worried about
what I was going to find if I went all the way to the tank. I should
grab the battery off the bike for the trip. And perhaps look up
winterizing it. The car is dead for a couple months, and I'll need to
get that looked at for going home for winter break. Haven't driven the
thing in three months, I really only need it for the trip home. Maybe
Sam will come get me. I should stop paying insurance on the car if that
is the case.

Too much rambling... going to finish up a few more loose ends before
heading out!

I'll be updating with lots of pictures hopefully, I've got both GoPro
batteries charged up and my camera battery charged up!
