Title: Philly Flyer
Date: 2012-03-19 16:00
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: philly-flyer

This weekend the UVM Cycling Team travelled to Philadelphia to race the
Philly Flyer. It's a race that I'd even heard about back at VT, and have
been excited about for quite some time.

<div>
</div>
<div>
The drive was long, so we departed at 2:30 from UVM. I actually knew
that we weren't going to be leaving right at 2:30 judging by the first
weekend, so I took my time a little bit and got there by 2:50. We were
on the road by 3:05. Some of the best times on bike race weekends are
the conversations and fun had in the vans while travelling between
races, and this drive was not at all a disappointment. At some point, we
always talk about bikes, but spend most of the time talking about just
everything. We arrived in Philadelphia at Joe Kopena's house at 11,
making the drive an 8 hour haul with a stop and some bad directions from
GPS.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
The number of times that I've been let down recently by GPS has
destroyed my faith in the technology, and for the weekend I grabbed
the Pennsylvania map that has been hanging out in my car (random that I
have a PA map). It wasn't so useful, since we spent most of the drive in
NJ, but I was able to follow along with the fish-hook like route we took
arriving in the city.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
Joe's house is really nice, a new townhome in south Philly with a
rooftop view of the skyline. I opted to sleep on the roof, and it was a
nice 50deg with an amazing view of the city.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
My reading material for the weekend was a book that I was very excited
about: Building Lugged Bicycle Frames: A Manual for the First Time
Builder.

</div>
<div>
</div>
#### TTT

<div>
</div>
<div>
First, what a "TTT" is: standing for Team Time Trial, four riders per
team work together to cover a set distance in the shortest amount of
time. You can't draft off other teams, and start 30 seconds after the
team in front. The A team had four guys, and so didn't steal any of our
B team (it's okay for teams to use riders from lower categories), which
was just Jake and I. We wanted to leave the strongest possible C team,
and took Ben Civiletti because he was suffering from a black lung and
took Tanner in his fifth ride of the year. The course was two laps of a
6.3 mile out-and-back, with one short uphill near the start/finish.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
Ben's lungs weren't with him, and he wasn't with us after one pull. The
remaining three of us went hard to the turnaround and back, up the hill.
I was hurting up the hill, and Tanner was about done for. We tried to
keep him on, but by the time we were heading out for the final lap it
was just Jake and I.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
On the final lap, Jake did most of the pulling. I was rotating with him
on the way out, but the slightly uphill way back I could only muster one
pull. From his effort, I was able to hit the hill hard with him and we
pushed strong through the finish.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
I didn't expect much in terms of results from the race, but we ended up
getting 2nd in Men's B, with a time of 29:30. We were only a minute
behind our Men's A team, who finished with four riders.

</div>
<div>
</div>
#### Circuit Race

<div>
</div>
<div>
The circuit is a 6 mile loop in Fairmont Park, sharing many of the roads
of the TT in the morning. The roads were nice, with a few sections of
roughness and a few tight corners. Features of the course were the same
little hill as the TT, and another 3 minute climb, with the remainder of
the course flat and FAST. In Men's B, we were slated for four laps.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
From the start, I stayed sort of near the front but tucked securely in
the field. For the most part, we just went super fast. Getting separated
from the field by small amounts into some of the flat sections made it
hurt bad, but putting it into a small gear for the climbs I actually had
no problem. I took good position coming into the final hill, but let
myself be engulfed by the field before the hill and ensuing sprint to
the finish. In retrospect, I felt alright and should have been more
aggresive. But I'll take a field finish with the rubber side down for
this one.

</div>
<div>
</div>
#### Crit

<div>
</div>
<div>
In short, it was a fun 4-corner crit on Temple campus with some rough
road in parts, but still safe. Actually I think the B field was the only
one without a crash. Highlights of the race were attacking for a prime
into corner 1 (then taking that same hard corner the next time with one
hand to make a pistol hand gesture to the UVM guys watching), making
some other fun little moves, and seeing Jake win the field sprint for
2nd place, while my final move for position didn't pan out and I got
12th in the sprint.

</div>
<div>
</div>
<div>
[caption id="attachment\_2838" align="aligncenter"
width="450"][![](http://andyreagan.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/screen-shot-2012-06-18-at-5-01-36-pm.png "Screen Shot 2012-06-18 at 5.01.36 PM")](http://andyreagan.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/screen-shot-2012-06-18-at-5-01-36-pm.png)
It looks like I'm winning! (But really, I'm pulling back the lead
group)[/caption]

</div>
<div>
</div>
#### Thoughts on Philly

<div>
</div>
<div>
In walking and riding around Philly, and at Joe Kopena's house, I really
liked the city. Granted, I only visited the really nice parts I think,
but it was pleasant. The weather also probably made it more pleasant, as
I was walking around with just shorts on post race on both days to cheer
on the later races.

</div>

