Title: Virginia Adventure update
Date: 2012-06-07 00:29
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: virginia-adventure-update

Spanning the weddings of Hayden Shea + Mariah Kalil and my cousin Matt
Reagan + Kelsey Preddy, Sam and I took the week to explore my old
stomping grounds.

Hayden's wedding was great: a beautiful ceremony followed by a fun
reception that included kind words from the parents, dancing, and an
open bar of course. I'm super happy for him, and hope the best for them
both together, and hope he enjoys the Phillies game.

Navigating DC was interesting, and wasn't too bad, as Sam and I managed
to find me a new dress shirt the morning of the wedding and get me a
[haircut](http://ia.media-imdb.com/images/M/MV5BMTUxNjQ4MjU5Ml5BMl5BanBnXkFtZTcwMTY5NzAzNw@@._V1._SY314_CR13,0,214,314_.jpg) at
the "ethnic" barber shop before 2PM (we moved on Thursday, and left
early Friday morning which meant packing by headlight late on Thursday
night after a long day, and things were forgotten).

Getting into Blacksburg on Sunday, I listserved an email for a mountain
bike ride at 6PM to announce my arrival to my friends on the team and
because I needed to hit the trails that I had been missing. We took the
scenic way into town along 311 and Blacksburg Rd, and were back in time
to get ready to ride. David joined me for what was an excellent ride,
pushing my boundaries of what I thought was "rideable" terrain. Sam
claimed to have fun riding up and down Old Farm, one of the most
technical trails on the east coast, for an hour and half which is
impressive.

My mountain bike had been creaking, so we rode up to East Coasters and
after chipping away some of the paint around the crack that I had
noticed, Kirby confirmed that the LOUD creaking noise was indeed the
frame cracking. I find this super interesting, because the crack(s)
aren't due to crashing, but rather from stress on the down tube.
Aluminum has no "fatigue limit," which means that when the metal is
stressed it incurs damage, regardless. Steel has such a limit, which
means it won't weaken below a certain threshold, and titanium is similar
but with a much higher threshold. So as would actually be expected, the
Al gave in.

The nearest Cannondale dealer was "Just the Right Gear" (awesome name
for a shop) about 40 minutes away, so back out Blacksburg Rd we went.
They said that it should be warrantied by Cannondale, so I'll be excited
to get a new frame if that happens. Slightly bummed that I'm not out
mountain biking on these trails, but the running on them and the biking
around here were equally missed. Hopefully they'll send me a new bike,
because about everything on the bike is giving out, the frame just
finally went along. The brakes have air in the lines, the rotors are
warped, both rims are ruined, front hub bearings are gone, it doesn't
shift great anymore, and the front fork needs to be rebuilt. Soooo
perhaps it's all worn enough to start over.

Anyway, dropped off the bike and since we were right next door, it
seemed like a perfect opportunity to run up McAfee's Knob, the most
amazing view on the East (it is the most photographed spot on the AT).
Without hardly any time before we were supposed to be back in town for
dinner with Ruthie, we had to run it pretty quick, and that's what Sam
and I set off to do.

I took off after a mile or so, and took a quick peek at the top before
heading back down. My HR at the top was a solid 180, so the engine was
definitely working. I didn't think I'd see Sam for a while, so I took
off flying on the way down, nearly sprinting, since we were short on
time. But before I was 5 minutes down, I ran into Sam. She'd been doing
work, and being that close to the top she definitely deserved to see it.
She didn't take too well to my "okay, you got 30 seconds at the top to
soak it in" comment, so we spent a minute or two up top...incredible
vista.

After a jamacian shower on the way back into town, we made it only a few
minutes late to t Ruthie's for an amazing dinner she had prepared of
Spinach Lasagna, Salad, and dessert of a pan of peanut butter cookies
with chocolate chips.

Tuesday was equally action packed, including a good 30 mile bike ride,
disc golfing in the morning, and building a wedding present for Matt and
Kelsey. It was Sam's first time on Chrissy's old road bike, which with
the seat at Sam's height has nearly as much drop as my bike, but she was
a champ and hung in for the whole ride. Coming up McCoy Rd was busy and
not much fun, but the rest of the ride was excellent. Disc golfing
highlights include sitting on the edge of tunnel and having a train come
out of the tunnel underneath Jacob, and I, and coming back with two more
discs that we took.

Wednesday was probably our slowest day in two weeks, but still we
managed to walk Everest, go visit Ruthie's horse Scribby, and then
do *wednesday worlds*. Worlds was the Tabor route this week, but I still
mustered the courage to get beat up on the hills, and went. It ended up
being a great ride, as the B group wittled down to 5 riders by Sandy
Ridge, even though I was fighting hard on those first few hills, I felt
great. We got caught by the A's, and I actually got gapped going down
the descent so I had to fight back on. On Blacksburg Rd, I was okay but
after only a handful of pulls at 30mph, I was getting kicked and then
dropped myself when I knew I couldn't take another pull (as opposed to
trying to sit on the back of the paceline, I took the "honorable" route
I suppose). Sam did an out and back on Blacksburg Rd, and was behind me
when I dropped off.

When two ambulances went flying the other direction, I got worried, and
resolved to turn around as soon as I made it to the top of Harding, but
I caught Anne from East Coasters on the way up, and upon hearing that
Chrissy had been hit by a deer, I turned around and headed back to see
if she was alright. It took me a bit of time to hammer back there, but I
managed and she was gone by the time I left, but I headed back with the
group of 5 (including Sam) that had stopped there. It was getting dusk,
so as soon as I rolled up, I got the group on the road. I grabbed a
small tail light from Will's bike, and we were off. The volunteer
ambulance followed us back to the base of the climb, which was nice, and
so we didn't have to worry about being on the road and not being
visible. For her second ride on that bike, and really her second ride at
all on a road bike, Sam climbed Harding which I don't think she quite
realizes is quite a feat actually.

After getting tons of food in us, we headed downtown and grabbed some
drinks w John D and Jaber, and tried to meet up w Chrissy and Will and
Kay but missed those guys. It was a fun night and I'm excited for what
the next few days have in store for us!
