Title: AG Nats
Date: 2012-08-20 21:18
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: ag-nats

My second national championship of the year was the Age Group Sprint
National Tri that took place in Burlington VT. Two races took place that
weekend, an olympic and a sprint distance, and it was tough to not
compete when the start line is a 1 mile walk away. There were no
qualifying requirements for the sprint, and it was cheaper, so I signed
up a few weeks before the event.

Looking at my calendar, I realized that this was going to be the first
of a triathlon streak that would last at least 3 weeks, and I was
excited. Before races, I find myself easing my own nervers by thinking
that I won't need to go very fast, I'll just go my own pace and it will
be fine. Grayson Cobb stayed with us the week before the race, and with
him around talking about going top 10 overall, it's tough not to want to
crush it though. I was amped to race, and volunteer for the Olympic the
day before on Saturday.

### Volunteering

I worked for the USADA as an athlete chaperone, there were 16 of us that
each got the name of an athlete who was had been "randomly" selected to
pee in a cup. We were to stand in the finish area and escort our person
to the USADA tent, and it was a pretty good gig. I was able to see a lot
of friends finish, get a cool t-shirt, and eat Moe's as a volunteer for
the day.

### Racing on Sunday: pre-race

Having dropped my race bike off on Saturday for check-in, I woke up too
late to walk to the start so I rode my commuter down. Pretty freaking
rare to do a triathlon without any driving involved, it's not a very
"green" sport. But this race was all people powered transportation for
me. I was all set in transition well before the race, and waited around
for the very last of 19 waves to go off- the young guns.

### Swim

Starting in the docks by the Community Sailing Center, I hung on to the
group for a good 100m, but it wasn't too long before I was swimming
alone. Coming back at the shore, we were looking straight into the sun
and it was tough to see where I was going, but I made a roundabout way
out of the water eventually. The swim took me 17 minutes, compared to
fastest guys getting out in 10. Not looking good for me to place in the
sprint.

### Bike

The bike course was dissappointing in that as a local of Burlington, I
had never ridden it and never will again...it was on a highway. And we
had to do this silly thing where we got off an onramp, turned around,
and got right back on. Presumably to add distance, but they could have
just sent us further down Pine St. I rode as hard as I thought I should,
looking forward to loosening up the stride on the run.

### Run

I got out for what turned out to be a good run for me. I got out of
transition without my number belt, but a volunteer grabbed it for me
without much loss in time. Headed up the very familiar Depot St to
start, I chopped my way up it, and then tried to let it rip after. I was
going well, and passing a lot of people (including in the bike, perhaps
a false sense of speed) out on North St. Coming back down to the bike
path was fast, and I enjoyed going back and forth with some Navy guys as
we approached the waterfront.

Across the line I felt great, and the Moe's burritos were good again. I
even managed to get a tub of guacamole that lasted me for a week, yum!

### Thoughts

The race won't be in Burlington again, since it rotates every year, but
I can see that it would be really fun to travel out the week before the
race to see a new place and do a well organized triathlon. Secretly I'm
hoping they'll bring Coll Nats up north, but since it's early in the
spring, that doesn't seem likely.

Thanks for reading :)

[gallery]
