Title: Lake George Triathlon (Olympic)
Date: 2012-09-01 21:51
Author: andyreagan
Category: Bike racing
Slug: lake-george-triathlon-olympic

My first fall race with UVM triathlon was a blast and I'm still pumped
for this crazy race schedule. I PR'ed by about 30 seconds (losing some
in the swim, making it up running) with a time of 2:28:43.

#### Traveling to Carolyn's

Eight of us from UVM went to the race, and I met up with Pat at 3:30 to
pick up our two passenger vans for the weekend. The logistics all worked
out really smoothly, props to Pat for planning. We left closer to 5,
after getting stuck in traffic from our 4:15 departure.

The ride down felt longer, and I handed over the driving to Mary after
picking up our packets in Lake George. Perhaps the only hiccup of the
weekend (besides forgetting my goggles, more on that later), was missing
the PPU and having to drive 20min back, but the goodies were worth it!

We got sweatshirts (anything that isn't a t-shirt is automatically
awesome), socks, red bull, water bottles, and lots of schwag along with
our numbers.

#### Swim

After everything in transition set up perfectly (finding all the screws
for the disc wheel was quite a massive challenge), the only thing I
didn't have were swim goggles, 15min before the race! Luckily Alisa
bailed my butt out.

The most hectic and aggressive swim start that I've ever been a part of
it, this one was nuts. I definitely got elbowed in the face a few times,
before getting too worked up and dropping back. My breathing was tight
in the wetsuit, goggles filling up with water and fog, and it was rough.
My arms were really tired from the 1500m in the pool the day
before...mistake. After going off course (and being directed back to the
swim by the kayakers) a few times, I survived to land. Per Dr. Tucker's
advice, I tried out the "bear claw" stroke, but with tired arms it
didn't really seem to pan out.

#### Bike

Without a UVM Trisuit, I couldn't wear Va Tech's while racing for UVM,
and had to go with a cycling skinsuit. Definitely not ideal for
triathlon, but the pad was comfy for the duration of the ride.

Before long I began bringing back the UVM'ers who left me behind in the
swim, and was happily cruising along. There were some other guys going
about the same pace as me, and it was okay riding near them. Inevitably
there was some drafting taking place, and I got worried that I'd been
penalized when the motorcycle race official sat behind me for awhile,
then went by jotting something.

#### Run

I quickly discovered why the skinsuit was not the choice for triathlon,
as I could feel the weight of the still-soaked suit getting out on the
run. I could see that Ian was not too far ahead of me, and being a good
runner, I set my sights on catching him. Eventually I did, and also
thought that when I saw Mary she was ahead of me as well. But when I
caught Mary I realized that she must have thought I was crazy for
whooping and hollering at her, because she actually had another of the
two laps to go. Finishing in 44minutes and change, I'm pretty sure that
is my fastest 10k on the books, and I was sure happy about it.

Everything about this race was really well done, including the freebies
(sweatshirt and socks and red bull all are better than a t shirt!) and
the food post race did not dissappoint. The beer sponsor, MGD 64 was
perhaps the only let down, I got one but could barely even drink it.

#### Back to VT

Loaded back up in the vans we set out on the return trip, and I again
drove, but only for the first half this time. Stopping for ice cream at
Stewarts, I loaded up on water and iced tea and was good to go.
