Title: Ushering in a new year
Date: 2012-01-01 23:41
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: ushering-in-a-new-year

Beginning with a look at this past year, I cannot be much happier. A
list of highlights would only do disservice.

An update since moving out of BBurg and being in limbo at home: I have
had two full weeks at home to rest up before moving to Burlington, VT.
Safe to say that I've definitely caught up on sleep, having slept in
till 11AM almost every day. Got in some good, and not so good, training
and got to spend lots of time with great friends, the best.

It's only natural that I'll announce my resolution for this year, in a
[not really so] public manner. I started by examining the resolutions of
2011: vegetarian, biking miles \> driving miles, and no big beer. For
more detail on
each: <http://andyreagan.com/2010/12/28/christmas-update/>. I held the
first for 2.5 months, drove home too many times to get the second I'm
pretty sure (although I didn't really keep good track), and definitely
succeeded at limiting myself to craft brews.

#### Resolution 1: Eat healthy

It's so hard to be specific with diet, but how can I get more vague than
this? Well, I'm not going to go veg again, but am going to try to eat
better for my overall health (including my heart). With @rumblinstumblin
having a heart attack earlier this year, it was no doubt a wake up call
to me that I do have a family history and I need to watch what I eat NOW
because it will have an effect down the road. So, more recently, I have
tried to cut back on my sat fats, and haven't eaten red meat (with the
exception of grilling fillet mignon once a week ago) in a few months.

My dad has really into this health phase, focusing his passion on eating
well and it has been both amazing and pretty inspiring. My mother likes
to call him "110% or nothing" and there isn't a much better description.
Be it stocks, raising me, looking at colleges, or now eating healthy he
can really get into something that motivates him. And most recently,
he's radically changed the way he eats, exercises every day, and is in
pretty amazing shape.

Looking into the modern science of heart health, there is a great deal
of information and it's very confusing (most recently reading *Good
Calories, Bad Calories* by Gary Taubes). The answers to the question of
what we should eat are not as good as we'd hope for something so basic.
But, I do think that it can be boiled down to some pretty simple facts
(e.g. Michael Pollan's *Food Rules*). I had a great convo w Carrie
Carlton abt all this, and she sent me to a blog that has a food pyramid
that most accurately describes my goals:
(via http://www.diseaseproof.com/)

[![](http://www.diseaseproof.com/uploads/image/JOELFUHRMANMDFOODPYRAMID.gif "Food Pyramid")](http://www.diseaseproof.com/)

#### Resolution 2: Tracking my mobility

Considering that my girlfriend is 5 hours away, and I'm driving to
Burlington tomorrow, I don't think that I'll be able to bike more miles
than I drive this year. But, I intend to keep track! I've got a Garmin
that I'm going to put on my commuter bike as well, and I'm going to
track my driving miles at fuelly.com (thx @rbsherfy for the tip).

I'm very interested in how we design our built environment to encourage
sustainable mobility and active lifestyles, so by keeping track of how I
move myself, we'll see if I put the miles where my mind is.

#### Resolution 3: Crush it

I know I'm stealing Gary V's punchline, and I don't actually know how he
used it, but by 'crush it' I mean to live this year with focus and
drive. After getting a short break at home, I'm really ready to go back
to school and spend the next year learning everything I can, and
contributing to research. I suppose this resolution falls under the
'goals' category, but the resolution part is to just keep working hard
and smart. If this were a goal last year, I more than succeeded, and I
intend to keep it up!

Since I've been procrastinating packing for my move tomorrow (I haven't
started, it's midnight, and I want to leave early tomorrow...) I should
probably move along. Have a great 2012 my motivated blog followers!
