Title: Chilean Adventures
Date: 2012-12-01 19:18
Author: andyreagan
Category: General updates
Slug: chilean-adventures

My girlfriend Sam has been studying abroad in Chile since August, and I
took a long Thanksgiving break to visit her and explore some of what
South America has to offer. It was an amazing trip, and I hope you enjoy
reading about it!

### Getting to Vina del Mar

Getting places is half the battle, if not all the battle, of traveling.
And then there is getting places on a college budget, which involves
taking long bus rides, and transit across NYC. It was an adventure.

**Megabus to NYC**

Of course I slept in, so I had about 1o minutes to walk to catch the
megabus. It was close to my house, so I wasn't worried. I arrived
outside the Auditorium on UVM Campus where I'd seen the megabus before,
with 2 minutes until and left...and no sight of anyone or a bus.
Scrambling for my ticket, I found that bus was supposed to leave from
the Davis Center, a 5 minute walk up the hill.

So I took off running. This is where being fit is important to
travelling (if you're an absent minded grad student). I saw a lady
walked down the hill and asked "Megabus?" and she says in an spanish
accent "Oh honey Megabus go that way" pointing torwards route 89.

Full sprint. Cresting the hill, I spotted the bus, and the driver
closing the baggage door for departure. As soon as my feet hit the bus
floor, it was moving. PHEW.

**Transit Across NYC**

The megabus conveniently drops off in middle of NYC, and I had to get to
LGA airport. Its 8 miles away on the other side of the city. If NYC has
bike rentals, that would've been ideal. Instead I went for the
smartphone Google Maps, and was sent through the subway and onto the
bus. With no fewer than two people assisting this lost country boy (one
telling me I was on the wrong side of the subway for my train, and the
other paying my bus fare as I had cash and card...but no change, is the
1800!?), I survived the big city.

**To Atlanta, and Santiago**

The plane was rather uneventful, which is always good. Except for
leaving my books at a burrito joint in ATL, and running off of the plane
to go get them...all good. Had to get that last states burrito in.

**Bus to Vina**

This is part where Sam steps in, and handles all of the transportation,
in Spanish. Easy breezy, for me.

### Vina del Mar

**Beach, AirBNB**

I stayed in a room in an apartment right on the beach, that I booked
through airbnb.com. It was perfect, and our host was perhaps the nicest
person I've ever met. She just sent Sam and I an email wishing us a
merry Christmas! Breakfast was amazing, and did I mention that we were
literally on the beach?!

**Warm**

Yeah, it was warm. Good thing I remember to bring the trusty jorts,
which were just gathering dust in frigid Vermont.

**Sandboarding**

Sandboarding? Yeah. It's as cool as it sounds. I'll put a video here if
I get a chance.

### Valparaiso

Valpo is a very cool harbor town, with tons of character. Sam was an
excellent tour guide, and we explored the tiny back alleys of hillside
neighborhoods that were held together by elmer's glue and brightly
painted corrugated metal.

### Getting to Puerto

We bused back to Santiago, and then took planes. Well, one plane, but it
made a few stops and we had to get off once. At which point none of the
attendants seemed to know which plane we should get back on, but it was
the same one. So I was very concerned that since they didn't know where
to send Sam and I, there was little hope for our luggage. Somehow, it
made it to Puerto Natales with us!

### To the Parque

We spent the night in Puerto Natales, which is an awesome little
touristy mountain resort town. We got drawn into the brewery like good
American tourists, and had a great, albeit very American dinner.
Wandering around we found some food, rented gear, and got a cool little
hostel for the night.

We took a bus out to the park at 7am, and the ride there was very nice.

### The W

We hiked it. Check out our promo video: (really, watch this)

[http://bit.ly/R9P5RXÂ ](http://t.co/gzQO9mn5)

### Puerto Natales

After returning from the hike, we had a great time in town, and ate
about 5 dinners.

### Back to Santiago

We flew. It worked out. Lots of plane meals.

### Santiago

The hostel Sam booked online was very cool, and the bellavista district
of Santiago was super hip and incredibly fun. I'm not enough of a night
life person for it, but it was definitely going on.

annnd HOME

By now, I'm a flying extraordinaire, and fluent in Spanish. So this was
no problem.
